This directory contains Megalodon and Proofgold versions
of 1000 oeis related conjectures, each of which currently
has a bounty of 1 Proofgold bar (as of May 2023). 
The full OEIS ATP benchmark in the SMT format is available at
https://github.com/ai4reason/oeis-atp-benchmark .

Megalodon 1.10 is available at
http://grid01.ciirc.cvut.cz/~chad/megalodon-1.10.tgz
and
https://github.com/ai4reason/Megalodon .

Proofgold Lava is available at http://proofgold.net.

Each of the 1000 problems has a name A<num> where <num>
is the number of an associated oeis sequence.
Each problem asserts that one (conjectured) way of generating
the sequence is equal to another (conjectured) way of generating
the sequence.

A<num>.mg : The Megalodon version with the conjecture.

For example, A1019.mg is one such file.

Megalodon can be used to check a document as follows:

megalodon -owned ownedSep192022 -I PfgEAug2022Preamble.mgs A1019.mg

Megalodon can produce a Proofgold file (draft document).

megalodon -owned ownedSep192022 -I PfgEAug2022Preamble.mgs -pfg A1019.mg > A1019.pfg

The particular files ownedSep192022 and PfgEAug2022Preamble.mgs
are not vital. ownedSep192022 can be any file that lists
a sufficient amount of information about what has been
published into the Proofgold blockchain at a particular moment.
PfgEAug2022Preamble.mgs must only contain enough of the
Megalodon library to know about logic and the integers.
It may also contain any other information published into the Proofgold
blockchain at a particular moment.

If the bounty for A<num> has not been claimed, anyone can prove the
theorem in A<num>.mg to claim the bounty.  For example, if a user
filled in the missing proof of A1019.mg and then created A1019.pfg as
above, then the user could claim the bounty by publishing A1019.pfg
into the Proofgold blockchain.  This requires using the Proofgold
commands readdraft, addnonce, addpublisher, commitdraft and
publishdraft. Once the draft has been published, all available
bounties on A1019 can be collected using the Proofgold command
collectbounties. More information about how to publish documents
and collect bounties is available here:

https://prfgld.github.io/publishing.html

It is not necessary to use Megalodon to produce the Proofgold document.
If another theorem prover is used to prove the conjecture, all
that is required is to have that theorem prover produce an appropriate
Proofgold document (with a corresponding proof term as part of the
document).

There are additionally 50 Megalodon files named Athe1000_part??.mg
and 50 corresponding Proofgold files Athe1000_bounty1_part??.pfg.
Each of these has 20 of the A<num> conjectures. The 50 Proofgold
drafts were published into the Proofgold blockchain in May 2023.

There is currently an experimental block explorer you may be
able to use to look at transations publishing documents or to check
if a bounty at an address has been claimed.
The following is an example of a transaction publishing a document
(in this case, Athe1000_bounty1_part00.pfg):

https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=44a019d340d2b8e767ce424625a94ed0daf5cbf5520c22f9d2c3fc220dd67b92

Each of the A<num> conjectures has an associated Proofgold address.
The Proofgold query command can be used to check if the bounty is
still at the address (or if it has already been claimed).  You may
also be able to use the block explorer to check if the bounty is still
there.  Below is a list of the A<num> problems and their corresponding
proofgold address, followed by a line with a url to the experimental
block explorer.

A100062 TMYFaU88hMXPEiYz5VSRMb7mN6KUqQhiMoX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYFaU88hMXPEiYz5VSRMb7mN6KUqQhiMoX
A1022 TMZGbrE7pXS4HYGn3r2P5TUAauKBCQgjWLn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZGbrE7pXS4HYGn3r2P5TUAauKBCQgjWLn
A103458 TMKMF6xgtkJW1ZmigrbzxAfbfE9aH4Hzd9f
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKMF6xgtkJW1ZmigrbzxAfbfE9aH4Hzd9f
A1026 TMK7jf7hBTZXkgAswtyUmPE3XGfZpzV5QPf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK7jf7hBTZXkgAswtyUmPE3XGfZpzV5QPf
A1018 TMa2jPiH5U6JwdzPUym2hKSqMc8Y5zyzq5n
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa2jPiH5U6JwdzPUym2hKSqMc8Y5zyzq5n
A101485 TMKYckRHM1W3ZSeAHL4iWyBd5UaCsmbfUa3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKYckRHM1W3ZSeAHL4iWyBd5UaCsmbfUa3
A102714 TMKDDxGcLDtEYwaXn6q5aAPDazNNH7Zob6X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKDDxGcLDtEYwaXn6q5aAPDazNNH7Zob6X
A100089 TMSKojU7KCUAP4FTcgkHVioKhTWUeAXuDz3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSKojU7KCUAP4FTcgkHVioKhTWUeAXuDz3
A1023 TMRKXt5aYbQabYCobvE8toCu5fY2qH7cuxf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRKXt5aYbQabYCobvE8toCu5fY2qH7cuxf
A1021 TMacuuLMMQNzAYk2hmYoiHjc7dzqWjcGC8y
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMacuuLMMQNzAYk2hmYoiHjc7dzqWjcGC8y
A1019 TMJt2b7SPwgnzbBnSZf4mwtUNSa6cP7nS5V
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJt2b7SPwgnzbBnSZf4mwtUNSa6cP7nS5V
A101099 TMQJPtw6YAtYN6eDcm5WBCn5XFe243FyNsM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQJPtw6YAtYN6eDcm5WBCn5XFe243FyNsM
A1025 TMLQpyMskWNzaLiTvQLhHimC3r6zw3PHwNN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLQpyMskWNzaLiTvQLhHimC3r6zw3PHwNN
A10052 TMUM3UCbXY2ZkbDN1fcMzPm7odusjVvfyFS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUM3UCbXY2ZkbDN1fcMzPm7odusjVvfyFS
A101609 TMGnrinxjTrD5PBirEakVt6CY9r1T8wEhhU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGnrinxjTrD5PBirEakVt6CY9r1T8wEhhU
A1029 TMUGBkxKB4FqZfZWQBnQWRtnzssDZVQLSV4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUGBkxKB4FqZfZWQBnQWRtnzssDZVQLSV4
A103845 TMUuggK9gF6yfeprJan4q3YYNAYxh4QL6RL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUuggK9gF6yfeprJan4q3YYNAYxh4QL6RL
A103213 TMcGwN2xs9nRafnhyAxKoRFzhcj5Ey1v9cC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcGwN2xs9nRafnhyAxKoRFzhcj5Ey1v9cC
A101927 TMUjRUDzNqwX4Qky3fdiBW3SU9SWUwLvP7G
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUjRUDzNqwX4Qky3fdiBW3SU9SWUwLvP7G
A101090 TMS9gwtxNj7MG8ZUhYY4sZwroUnCbog6XAa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMS9gwtxNj7MG8ZUhYY4sZwroUnCbog6XAa
A1099 TMMqCcoqV1p2ETFBVj2yAUxxPqe2nCWs2JL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMqCcoqV1p2ETFBVj2yAUxxPqe2nCWs2JL
A107392 TMLcPTTF99cMG4baxzokEH2ZoYibcQ7ApuM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLcPTTF99cMG4baxzokEH2ZoYibcQ7ApuM
A10842 TMdhNcnFqpCBwFeLXGzdJkFYrKxN9gQprEB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdhNcnFqpCBwFeLXGzdJkFYrKxN9gQprEB
A109792 TMFZfpcseRProCHeQCdEdrRp7ht8hNztLdZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFZfpcseRProCHeQCdEdrRp7ht8hNztLdZ
A10798 TMHy1fjB1piFmfc9zrhaDSua88w5YvnMQkA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHy1fjB1piFmfc9zrhaDSua88w5YvnMQkA
A104344 TMSQLAhDeWURAw7GSb1k4QjRQhF3j3tkycq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSQLAhDeWURAw7GSb1k4QjRQhF3j3tkycq
A104462 TMQXgbL1cjSuX953EhYg5wwKGbtjcQ24Rf6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQXgbL1cjSuX953EhYg5wwKGbtjcQ24Rf6
A114182 TMZWQTkaujAQR3EdbS8msnbrzQ9jwQk23CQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZWQTkaujAQR3EdbS8msnbrzQ9jwQk23CQ
A110224 TMK6LDifYJ2brQMb74F9aCBTchNZpF4NeBT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK6LDifYJ2brQMb74F9aCBTchNZpF4NeBT
A1147 TMMp62hPtwznGXRHf87GZrUHW2V62Dr4Ms3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMp62hPtwznGXRHf87GZrUHW2V62Dr4Ms3
A10800 TMHRinAYDWB41cwNXW5XQoM6wJhxy7Zrm3f
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHRinAYDWB41cwNXW5XQoM6wJhxy7Zrm3f
A109808 TMcHiiKjBXnFdD1W9DFhuReHMrYf5aQRXKb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcHiiKjBXnFdD1W9DFhuReHMrYf5aQRXKb
A10797 TMN3iP8mSSaKS1GJn9JYxyZNhow7R8bAeM2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMN3iP8mSSaKS1GJn9JYxyZNhow7R8bAeM2
A109105 TMUTdkjnkrWReXNLhXfvfr3wt5GJp6Jy1T9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUTdkjnkrWReXNLhXfvfr3wt5GJp6Jy1T9
A10799 TMYUM4zqwBFYk4trVDkf82mG4vtoh8nTyZW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYUM4zqwBFYk4trVDkf82mG4vtoh8nTyZW
A111424 TMQereThww5MjcLH1dBYh6bqHRjpx8Te7HD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQereThww5MjcLH1dBYh6bqHRjpx8Te7HD
A112368 TMdWX1YT9FToHxtG5vWGVnBLFjGcFgcrW3L
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdWX1YT9FToHxtG5vWGVnBLFjGcFgcrW3L
A103974 TMPR83mxujmH1CNeHmHYiBrzu2PWADDcNv5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPR83mxujmH1CNeHmHYiBrzu2PWADDcNv5
A110451 TMVgeGVd3d81ea9CfUTNfXByi6ZP1JCS3Uy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVgeGVd3d81ea9CfUTNfXByi6ZP1JCS3Uy
A10751 TMbgxY63KtRGkeS5S6taMwADcMRKyeCNRHa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbgxY63KtRGkeS5S6taMwADcMRKyeCNRHa
A121254 TMYM9vCb2K7wFpPHgjfvaVY85XP6EhThm9k
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYM9vCb2K7wFpPHgjfvaVY85XP6EhThm9k
A11922 TMQsQveycequRZoWdXzYh8hgig8rGAoHQKM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQsQveycequRZoWdXzYh8hgig8rGAoHQKM
A119913 TMWNNUWxRTeJKqR8vEFwJL3RWZBV8EWnfxJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWNNUWxRTeJKqR8vEFwJL3RWZBV8EWnfxJ
A121200 TMXnMtCYdSn3Lcyx2p2yfQ1GfnFzuuarQ1p
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXnMtCYdSn3Lcyx2p2yfQ1GfnFzuuarQ1p
A119837 TMb2aXHcxR7yBC8jZMg1WrjPUFqjo8AoUdS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMb2aXHcxR7yBC8jZMg1WrjPUFqjo8AoUdS
A1193 TMbwiGc9RWFqfgcQGByJDDb7LuVxC6GkRmR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbwiGc9RWFqfgcQGByJDDb7LuVxC6GkRmR
A123828 TMWVLhX7SZiKXpiittuN4mugAprrpPACBHK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWVLhX7SZiKXpiittuN4mugAprrpPACBHK
A11781 TMLPVsqP95btF6s1mKqpQBkXpVTw4vDD3XE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLPVsqP95btF6s1mKqpQBkXpVTw4vDD3XE
A120773 TMJUWk99aMLtRUmWjf2fBVzw52uXKkbpj2N
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJUWk99aMLtRUmWjf2fBVzw52uXKkbpj2N
A120802 TMd8QatiCFTpU19fPkV9Q5AMgSuJiXTRYYB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMd8QatiCFTpU19fPkV9Q5AMgSuJiXTRYYB
A121499 TMa35MKNouQGjn7ze43Jb7WpPorEy2h7jXG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa35MKNouQGjn7ze43Jb7WpPorEy2h7jXG
A118005 TMTKvSKhTQzwC5TwjKjqNhJwYseGaCUaXVP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTKvSKhTQzwC5TwjKjqNhJwYseGaCUaXVP
A11557 TMRPzT7BBn5fNx13TsGnEc7RBALHXDC8tXs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRPzT7BBn5fNx13TsGnEc7RBALHXDC8tXs
A120718 TMKBxzCr3SdF5H74eYbejz7Ypk1gd3qszuX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKBxzCr3SdF5H74eYbejz7Ypk1gd3qszuX
A121628 TMHUa1kP8LHtSzVTBAXLiDw8ubbwfxMEjdn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHUa1kP8LHtSzVTBAXLiDw8ubbwfxMEjdn
A124099 TMPccuYkZ8FMhTHJYQfn7ZgVwECKEsdctbj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPccuYkZ8FMhTHJYQfn7ZgVwECKEsdctbj
A121555 TMXjuQsBBCwy19cqXYrg9zKXy3EKtxz8gLp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXjuQsBBCwy19cqXYrg9zKXy3EKtxz8gLp
A123332 TMGj5aXgsiyk8Eq5dQMYmjZvpH4QFSE321C
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGj5aXgsiyk8Eq5dQMYmjZvpH4QFSE321C
A116164 TMK3VkG2Y294WaDW1TRZi2FNtLHukqP2cjC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK3VkG2Y294WaDW1TRZi2FNtLHukqP2cjC
A11943 TMdaDik7UQ3rwstq1wopxg7PYYLCV326red
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdaDik7UQ3rwstq1wopxg7PYYLCV326red
A128802 TMbom29tsd34stiNtFBNVX6LRLiA78bcCe6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbom29tsd34stiNtFBNVX6LRLiA78bcCe6
A127859 TMT8oCUmwAsXMxZa6W5zgtZ3doDHJ7GCuZy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT8oCUmwAsXMxZa6W5zgtZ3doDHJ7GCuZy
A132371 TMGj9iFLeGBzShG8K9ffsiBXXHTiYVtbUUV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGj9iFLeGBzShG8K9ffsiBXXHTiYVtbUUV
A128800 TMRq6FcuF7UM8EBYmBRtuEYAN6aKdNH3fcs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRq6FcuF7UM8EBYmBRtuEYAN6aKdNH3fcs
A1308 TMVWJtDgir5qMRBJ8nSkwkan3XmJFmfYAMJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVWJtDgir5qMRBJ8nSkwkan3XmJFmfYAMJ
A130652 TMQ64EdXt9xuhau6Kiu3sTRB3Jaj77uXJnB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQ64EdXt9xuhau6Kiu3sTRB3Jaj77uXJnB
A127212 TMR8xhtVeCFVVNMsUgw6h84wpXyAmLNizmU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMR8xhtVeCFVVNMsUgw6h84wpXyAmLNizmU
A127858 TMZCeV6KpBn1ZQcFKVuJY41276tbeX4gCY7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZCeV6KpBn1ZQcFKVuJY41276tbeX4gCY7
A127429 TMQ5ZKekE5GZR34rQdRNZ8xLcokjV9C237D
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQ5ZKekE5GZR34rQdRNZ8xLcokjV9C237D
A124657 TMW9tFuTPusy8mVoXmAznAiQKBud1X6C2am
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMW9tFuTPusy8mVoXmAznAiQKBud1X6C2am
A127595 TMVYKe4YrTz3tyF1bEpGPhVbQemjLSNYde3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVYKe4YrTz3tyF1bEpGPhVbQemjLSNYde3
A1277 TMbbjMSzR6Y92oZ3p8xHPjUojm9XudjNhdH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbbjMSzR6Y92oZ3p8xHPjUojm9XudjNhdH
A128803 TMYELPH6Tr7ZNjTzatX37888uWyNyThZiyy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYELPH6Tr7ZNjTzatX37888uWyNyThZiyy
A128790 TMPm7iTdU62MNBq2RQ7rUN1UdSGyMKSgpQT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPm7iTdU62MNBq2RQ7rUN1UdSGyMKSgpQT
A132911 TMXoCAmbFwUhQQvTw36fkvLEknYLvDfzc3f
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXoCAmbFwUhQQvTw36fkvLEknYLvDfzc3f
A128965 TMVN2rmp9nyP7n1SJ3f71awg9YcUq78qLrN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVN2rmp9nyP7n1SJ3f71awg9YcUq78qLrN
A1240 TMZ74nynxP6TgqVxQNjN3wv1rXGjUcB6JYb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ74nynxP6TgqVxQNjN3wv1rXGjUcB6JYb
A133073 TMWd9aHwJPtUmAgUJLj6aZK6Ldhch2mx1dX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWd9aHwJPtUmAgUJLj6aZK6Ldhch2mx1dX
A128791 TMGXrjTgEPE96tPXYvcMy2cmHXFGahs4tJy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGXrjTgEPE96tPXYvcMy2cmHXFGahs4tJy
A129890 TMWvw15ZmnJsyHA183jGWCh3TgDCTqMLQ55
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWvw15ZmnJsyHA183jGWCh3TgDCTqMLQ55
A13708 TMHwymTbqR1BoeCUBN9pWQaSYyAesBN8iSA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHwymTbqR1BoeCUBN9pWQaSYyAesBN8iSA
A13718 TMPnqCFSuJLDz2Rs734NnQGRaj6omCTYMQQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPnqCFSuJLDz2Rs734NnQGRaj6omCTYMQQ
A13715 TMKt2QWSZGxqiX5uqUvMJkyvUGYGKH1SJYK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKt2QWSZGxqiX5uqUvMJkyvUGYGKH1SJYK
A13716 TMTrC84X162xaqbcAdHvd2FFYqujZ1X623i
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTrC84X162xaqbcAdHvd2FFYqujZ1X623i
A134492 TMYbwvHxZ1hsoJr5ymCDqAQ9Sc2gxchCft8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYbwvHxZ1hsoJr5ymCDqAQ9Sc2gxchCft8
A133384 TMUy9EBZjUzqV8agaMYi3NxQcb8iTwGNUhc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUy9EBZjUzqV8agaMYi3NxQcb8iTwGNUhc
A13711 TMM4shFsusgA3koGyoRTEPNz2yMsGoYea8A
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMM4shFsusgA3koGyoRTEPNz2yMsGoYea8A
A134494 TMZUThpzNJeVPnkjbJaefmt4odHPNh9Q4j4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZUThpzNJeVPnkjbJaefmt4odHPNh9Q4j4
A13713 TMP7njAChAatjyQmfJECA76p4fVYLtD469s
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP7njAChAatjyQmfJECA76p4fVYLtD469s
A13717 TMZgLvAktjnWAt7vRhE1UxBWZrRXHDxRRhW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZgLvAktjnWAt7vRhE1UxBWZrRXHDxRRhW
A1367 TMT1DfSjAHLKqoRFPwsC14uUbsYNHyf44k7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT1DfSjAHLKqoRFPwsC14uUbsYNHyf44k7
A134169 TMVM7gzjWoa1UgTWex7fY95nR4TfaURhYiC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVM7gzjWoa1UgTWex7fY95nR4TfaURhYiC
A136376 TMY8D6YAo1X3AqBgpy8NHvHHS9tAqcyNdsx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY8D6YAo1X3AqBgpy8NHvHHS9tAqcyNdsx
A136516 TMEnxyCKANDJRDczXYXJgjkSDHBz9ePNHey
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEnxyCKANDJRDczXYXJgjkSDHBz9ePNHey
A13712 TMKffm5e2Zf7Nn5DNrwstuEE68BcBbkYCpF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKffm5e2Zf7Nn5DNrwstuEE68BcBbkYCpF
A13719 TMPwCMmuLiKqyB5MzZNK9iE7UjfdAu8X9ja
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPwCMmuLiKqyB5MzZNK9iE7UjfdAu8X9ja
A13709 TMSQm4HwmE2qARuxWGsrhpU7zKHRQqksSwS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSQm4HwmE2qARuxWGsrhpU7zKHRQqksSwS
A13710 TMNyWXn2totURY8cGy5rVjeHSsq25CcBXuw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNyWXn2totURY8cGy5rVjeHSsq25CcBXuw
A1338 TMSve1VYAf5yGYVmKNToZk6mdjCohBoj8bp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSve1VYAf5yGYVmKNToZk6mdjCohBoj8bp
A13714 TMK2KG4xEzgEVhXMyhX6BioPsyysZYBraMQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK2KG4xEzgEVhXMyhX6BioPsyysZYBraMQ
A13739 TMHz5utjSAco4f2njCTH8SiohHYYgb6WKct
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHz5utjSAco4f2njCTH8SiohHYYgb6WKct
A13735 TMXe9m5XyzVwGHafdgjUmd4FUbixrkjipHR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXe9m5XyzVwGHafdgjUmd4FUbixrkjipHR
A13734 TMZmVodsYp4tYH5uENCqfqRwhDjMwmjLKMY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZmVodsYp4tYH5uENCqfqRwhDjMwmjLKMY
A13733 TMagnSU3EVdLhq8KywAbSpBsqbDyWrgzEBn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMagnSU3EVdLhq8KywAbSpBsqbDyWrgzEBn
A13731 TMHFw5wgZm35Qyrd4YH6v9UfqZb7ch53S5C
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHFw5wgZm35Qyrd4YH6v9UfqZb7ch53S5C
A13736 TMR5KN6qt9Nx1TAyTeQ6B1w1ejguyEf6ogc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMR5KN6qt9Nx1TAyTeQ6B1w1ejguyEf6ogc
A13727 TMaZnkuXu6aofsfj7kB4znWpKGdg9uahFMp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaZnkuXu6aofsfj7kB4znWpKGdg9uahFMp
A13723 TMFmKSCxy73TriXAF5vo8bUgVAid1RVDcFN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFmKSCxy73TriXAF5vo8bUgVAid1RVDcFN
A13730 TMcZ51n2ZffToxhhUNDW51QtKtA8yKh9Bto
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcZ51n2ZffToxhhUNDW51QtKtA8yKh9Bto
A13728 TMHfzhH1gJ3fUEp8WjrZ71PzwfNATdpZNmk
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHfzhH1gJ3fUEp8WjrZ71PzwfNATdpZNmk
A13722 TMGhBFXZ7uBZnuvQTY64mrdBMeYi9vaqSw6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGhBFXZ7uBZnuvQTY64mrdBMeYi9vaqSw6
A13738 TMaypfz9KG68snD6WPUDhio75odv7wLkfYU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaypfz9KG68snD6WPUDhio75odv7wLkfYU
A13720 TMHGJGWu64vvDNJhBzXwEGh2Ze3hAXXkVcq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHGJGWu64vvDNJhBzXwEGh2Ze3hAXXkVcq
A13732 TMJqv3vnD2KWcWkmTjUj7ZszY5dbFPjX611
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJqv3vnD2KWcWkmTjUj7ZszY5dbFPjX611
A13724 TMaXj3xhBG4g2yHoHKTNcSxmudWtjXM4WYX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaXj3xhBG4g2yHoHKTNcSxmudWtjXM4WYX
A13737 TMJSsRyuYjQu2gPJsNLXs2zhGPsXRMFvcZU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJSsRyuYjQu2gPJsNLXs2zhGPsXRMFvcZU
A13729 TMc3qrNsUDD4PUReC9xPetCiGLxwid6QX6b
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMc3qrNsUDD4PUReC9xPetCiGLxwid6QX6b
A13726 TMYAS6HzWH5QV3CQRe36mkR2jrP3ijxnZB8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYAS6HzWH5QV3CQRe36mkR2jrP3ijxnZB8
A13740 TMGkEGDXjR3RjtQDgVz7wCsYoKS7EnwzNfp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGkEGDXjR3RjtQDgVz7wCsYoKS7EnwzNfp
A13725 TMNZ216YEUkwest6d9vFx1U3N7XXxtz2VUN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNZ216YEUkwest6d9vFx1U3N7XXxtz2VUN
A13751 TMKncurzricDnyWnAMKUjMCPyHQcBX1URSV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKncurzricDnyWnAMKUjMCPyHQcBX1URSV
A13742 TMT1SLoBvqs7QwhKPkBMJouzwLnDd1qmgES
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT1SLoBvqs7QwhKPkBMJouzwLnDd1qmgES
A13743 TMFNuY7j13438xeKRJ33MtAj4yKc4h4ATsK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFNuY7j13438xeKRJ33MtAj4yKc4h4ATsK
A13744 TMLk8B2XUgLA4kEFsfKiEubGJygYNGcCCdi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLk8B2XUgLA4kEFsfKiEubGJygYNGcCCdi
A13766 TMGHjrZ91yEQrgsqv3TPdzBwwXUfEdSrtLp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGHjrZ91yEQrgsqv3TPdzBwwXUfEdSrtLp
A13752 TMQ1NzvG81615EgqJH4rKDUcWtpY8oGrggL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQ1NzvG81615EgqJH4rKDUcWtpY8oGrggL
A13756 TMXLWLfGd88N6Pn2EaRyNYWm8RXNLHmFnqC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXLWLfGd88N6Pn2EaRyNYWm8RXNLHmFnqC
A13747 TMKjCh2uTEPfokKpUuGJpNXx7ZzNfgCb7HZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKjCh2uTEPfokKpUuGJpNXx7ZzNfgCb7HZ
A13760 TMNnZ9TqFPhX1ow6N476AvR7qq8cEm5LqyF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNnZ9TqFPhX1ow6N476AvR7qq8cEm5LqyF
A13757 TMX9kcwibWeWiAJWFJmEyNeBzCfHfcDoh6S
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMX9kcwibWeWiAJWFJmEyNeBzCfHfcDoh6S
A13745 TMFLQAKEoYNM6Rt2mr3KVrsr3S16c9TjqtQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFLQAKEoYNM6Rt2mr3KVrsr3S16c9TjqtQ
A13761 TMZia64mSRBvPZoKaVVyYkySUcA2huWTNSw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZia64mSRBvPZoKaVVyYkySUcA2huWTNSw
A13750 TMQFKxefAqBNmWoRktrAdn4rmRhmDWeoeh6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQFKxefAqBNmWoRktrAdn4rmRhmDWeoeh6
A13741 TMb26BUnUDVg6TwZb1prH5S7WRmrqMkTZfE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMb26BUnUDVg6TwZb1prH5S7WRmrqMkTZfE
A13755 TMcF5m4YVeP7STMsoL3WyrgqAjdb9b5cu2Z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcF5m4YVeP7STMsoL3WyrgqAjdb9b5cu2Z
A13749 TMaGEtnoRirkZvgwbUroJZLAKUmKPtfmwzs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaGEtnoRirkZvgwbUroJZLAKUmKPtfmwzs
A13753 TMREchEEx7v7QkfgE1zb1GB31AGkeZ6Vrc1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMREchEEx7v7QkfgE1zb1GB31AGkeZ6Vrc1
A13754 TMYRhkKpcov6TmqZGpBxg8vr836rQCa9YLc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYRhkKpcov6TmqZGpBxg8vr836rQCa9YLc
A13746 TMRYSyygT7zY363VxzpPrRyfq5HZdxJTZMP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRYSyygT7zY363VxzpPrRyfq5HZdxJTZMP
A13748 TMcLnHe7QndU4PuyAydegh7JnqvUrxsmRCk
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcLnHe7QndU4PuyAydegh7JnqvUrxsmRCk
A13769 TMTj9aQyzkrJgYFos8essg46FPt3ZDyshc4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTj9aQyzkrJgYFos8essg46FPt3ZDyshc4
A13776 TMEyefjVG6Av172XfwTTqTAqBEWqqbBa9EH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEyefjVG6Av172XfwTTqTAqBEWqqbBa9EH
A13767 TMXuDqxPkM91rPjz2ipV9DVx3YREVALtvnR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXuDqxPkM91rPjz2ipV9DVx3YREVALtvnR
A13781 TMd1XFQ3s6D96J5ETU1XnirbcvCBcRuanhA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMd1XFQ3s6D96J5ETU1XnirbcvCBcRuanhA
A13784 TMH4Ah4xLE4bCLspXZYPjLfTMo4455nD4Sh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMH4Ah4xLE4bCLspXZYPjLfTMo4455nD4Sh
A13786 TMcuEK4F4SJdu8Y18gvLBhBmyAGpsGMVvMJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcuEK4F4SJdu8Y18gvLBhBmyAGpsGMVvMJ
A13793 TMZ8VLgeke8bARLD16F2Le7MQU4dgCoxccr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ8VLgeke8bARLD16F2Le7MQU4dgCoxccr
A13768 TMSBtA3VZdyteCMSGjXcSbLqf8XbsSm7kex
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSBtA3VZdyteCMSGjXcSbLqf8XbsSm7kex
A13787 TMJnayyAnDVUBG64GJJJecnN8abfDtLmYwq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJnayyAnDVUBG64GJJJecnN8abfDtLmYwq
A13785 TMS3tZ1XCK41rYaSE4megsHFDzpua88YVEf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMS3tZ1XCK41rYaSE4megsHFDzpua88YVEf
A13797 TML3oBcRX5X2PVu1DCYVMPgzJ6q77gTPxiU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML3oBcRX5X2PVu1DCYVMPgzJ6q77gTPxiU
A13778 TMbax6eBZCPjuxeb4AtymhKNsXxaZA265jJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbax6eBZCPjuxeb4AtymhKNsXxaZA265jJ
A13792 TMVb6r4N2kzbtTNCCBCb6oEFPemSDBnHC3C
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVb6r4N2kzbtTNCCBCb6oEFPemSDBnHC3C
A13782 TMGny4cQB8HpGNZz1GHqoep6wnagGMnUjJP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGny4cQB8HpGNZz1GHqoep6wnagGMnUjJP
A13800 TMWaPSrca2b9zX3umMoDDAMQZVRDKEqjePw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWaPSrca2b9zX3umMoDDAMQZVRDKEqjePw
A13801 TMQNbH1wsoYyXqR7fCiLhFAhwbCqThouKvf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQNbH1wsoYyXqR7fCiLhFAhwbCqThouKvf
A13783 TMRTewcoZbLd6saBQ4oU6wUvC5ao9Jncfn8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRTewcoZbLd6saBQ4oU6wUvC5ao9Jncfn8
A13779 TMauCefjvL4Txqw2uo7Gdn9CwFYtJNvj4zH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMauCefjvL4Txqw2uo7Gdn9CwFYtJNvj4zH
A13777 TMFiHAbNyrDobk615pkrcQp1FZs7Bvp57iU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFiHAbNyrDobk615pkrcQp1FZs7Bvp57iU
A13796 TMXU5cfXp3yQ4CvZCkgrq79F3M5rhPLC4Cr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXU5cfXp3yQ4CvZCkgrq79F3M5rhPLC4Cr
A13824 TMGpbcuxEgSvEeTNzCXciKjYgrZoo3Q9nk5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGpbcuxEgSvEeTNzCXciKjYgrZoo3Q9nk5
A13823 TMQZRJwBwNg7uAaGXXAXEvyXWMjnD8MrX5a
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQZRJwBwNg7uAaGXXAXEvyXWMjnD8MrX5a
A13803 TMY5iZTFAmoAnSpr726cM4r5x4BvwCAVQKP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY5iZTFAmoAnSpr726cM4r5x4BvwCAVQKP
A13827 TMbqPrvPvyGJmiF6zzghDpGerzQLnLR8pcb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbqPrvPvyGJmiF6zzghDpGerzQLnLR8pcb
A13813 TMJAmjFQDcu7rqjrZba8CP5pPk7TSS2H3uB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJAmjFQDcu7rqjrZba8CP5pPk7TSS2H3uB
A13830 TMZ5xP3jjW3i5PrxxsoTJXhVgEnrJkuLdNY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ5xP3jjW3i5PrxxsoTJXhVgEnrJkuLdNY
A13815 TMHPRDLmgnWopPNoYb2UEGcRSFmKqQtG863
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHPRDLmgnWopPNoYb2UEGcRSFmKqQtG863
A13826 TMN87hF37NZGkjrqQEXxUutYJksKTH6T5Jj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMN87hF37NZGkjrqQEXxUutYJksKTH6T5Jj
A13825 TMSVbQMnbiabKAtVZ3iXDiiSL4P3NNa6CJx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSVbQMnbiabKAtVZ3iXDiiSL4P3NNa6CJx
A13829 TMFzcHgLJSpDD6Vgt7gVyiJACcvQ68YhuwV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFzcHgLJSpDD6Vgt7gVyiJACcvQ68YhuwV
A13806 TMdhpBHYa6ZsoNvr6C3Z95wuPULhg7XSNhJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdhpBHYa6ZsoNvr6C3Z95wuPULhg7XSNhJ
A13812 TMTeDA8Yxephg6wCZdMS6S2EL1hUryP6JT9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTeDA8Yxephg6wCZdMS6S2EL1hUryP6JT9
A13822 TMXMQU1ULrvXPrSq2bBgkKeSMukBvKvZDcW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXMQU1ULrvXPrSq2bBgkKeSMukBvKvZDcW
A138199 TMZ9Hg3Yq86SQCjJt1R6TAfHmbDzAvm67U6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ9Hg3Yq86SQCjJt1R6TAfHmbDzAvm67U6
A13831 TMNnSZni4iRcdZQiqoVPeWgtfG7ZVQr966v
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNnSZni4iRcdZQiqoVPeWgtfG7ZVQr966v
A138119 TMQMcAwsLdPxrDkL4vYt2kkynBYxnHqP2wW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQMcAwsLdPxrDkL4vYt2kkynBYxnHqP2wW
A13814 TMLxRz4T1nuKAvgd4GA85uAxPmVfeX75gKb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLxRz4T1nuKAvgd4GA85uAxPmVfeX75gKb
A13828 TMR35fnTpSBVoCNUne5ByKKaL5mhNJmY1jK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMR35fnTpSBVoCNUne5ByKKaL5mhNJmY1jK
A13802 TMdEp9TH9GzoS1gXkErTNL4VCZBG7UTBv3k
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdEp9TH9GzoS1gXkErTNL4VCZBG7UTBv3k
A13807 TMVzfrCUnSdjaqo9rmi48fUDeBjb4Tcf8zf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVzfrCUnSdjaqo9rmi48fUDeBjb4Tcf8zf
A13872 TMZLQZVwwAxrawdAyLXb6FyEDG2GfJPyzet
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZLQZVwwAxrawdAyLXb6FyEDG2GfJPyzet
A13873 TMVAy7zFV4zkRgVkPmvtEbpPb39w5MMhqQJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVAy7zFV4zkRgVkPmvtEbpPb39w5MMhqQJ
A138525 TMH8X7qEfkJAdJASsfHPsWbjhKamfF5YnNr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMH8X7qEfkJAdJASsfHPsWbjhKamfF5YnNr
A13834 TMLcADbTgv3zMtb1KFTvgiWi97vZRdybmgi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLcADbTgv3zMtb1KFTvgiWi97vZRdybmgi
A13871 TMNVHXU32dLHVU6hKspAQx8SmdfaZ9E7asr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNVHXU32dLHVU6hKspAQx8SmdfaZ9E7asr
A13838 TMYkoasbHqYXDr5tdCKJ8P5KMNcpcBba2ys
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYkoasbHqYXDr5tdCKJ8P5KMNcpcBba2ys
A13895 TMUbh4D2617xPV7UfEeLEQQiR7y3QcYM9dd
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUbh4D2617xPV7UfEeLEQQiR7y3QcYM9dd
A13839 TMLB4bP9ZrWKFKtfeSLNDK3vV5sdSMF8K3y
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLB4bP9ZrWKFKtfeSLNDK3vV5sdSMF8K3y
A13837 TMFNkHmjW5ZvZfhPECzvgjoMbw23EU1a9gJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFNkHmjW5ZvZfhPECzvgjoMbw23EU1a9gJ
A13870 TMZm3noXjwE31vvKexavV9dRJZDoSQuMJ7S
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZm3noXjwE31vvKexavV9dRJZDoSQuMJ7S
A138590 TMF7oibnY5JebpnqTeyHrhWJfaMSBw5PgwP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF7oibnY5JebpnqTeyHrhWJfaMSBw5PgwP
A13836 TMc441Ne5ijEadZk4ABmmxSzrgjVRdPknbQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMc441Ne5ijEadZk4ABmmxSzrgjVRdPknbQ
A139745 TMJ9gSDEid8PprLqWxPXcU5nkJb4FPsosrw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ9gSDEid8PprLqWxPXcU5nkJb4FPsosrw
A13835 TMGrKZ5d3ms4WPwxWS9PQsMMo51gBbFo55c
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGrKZ5d3ms4WPwxWS9PQsMMo51gBbFo55c
A13832 TMLyrXQUUeeq5v4CGU8uypGZmEzUsmXtA2j
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLyrXQUUeeq5v4CGU8uypGZmEzUsmXtA2j
A139740 TMEgMDvgPwKovRLVQvS8Pf5QWRQxCR8wzZo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEgMDvgPwKovRLVQvS8Pf5QWRQxCR8wzZo
A13894 TMJrNJEQr7dUe5FfhMY4jPgvKpFHH4VL8NE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJrNJEQr7dUe5FfhMY4jPgvKpFHH4VL8NE
A13833 TMFDSCyAc2hW9dDPZiaT9wBBZfn5WNKCEAC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFDSCyAc2hW9dDPZiaT9wBBZfn5WNKCEAC
A13897 TMUA7CupvYSfmBRNGqsxJ491AYr9K2XP98A
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUA7CupvYSfmBRNGqsxJ491AYr9K2XP98A
A13896 TMKBwUGdB42SEu3he8uG7jcXqrkHot9rd9n
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKBwUGdB42SEu3he8uG7jcXqrkHot9rd9n
A140230 TMYdYuyp7r17L4YqTcM8sG12hFXVz6Pud6T
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYdYuyp7r17L4YqTcM8sG12hFXVz6Pud6T
A145721 TMLWrt5kZGbFfRLLgQzmE95RkMynLWQ8b8h
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLWrt5kZGbFfRLLgQzmE95RkMynLWQ8b8h
A140529 TMY5KcsKbmMay6shZFYY3Y327Py3DLcLy15
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY5KcsKbmMay6shZFYY3Y327Py3DLcLy15
A145529 TMYrQxwBx7esn673aPdZ7KQ3oYqBb1AopKG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYrQxwBx7esn673aPdZ7KQ3oYqBb1AopKG
A14298 TMT3PKZTTxgb5Shf4dqJp6QEN3Ng1qvZNg2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT3PKZTTxgb5Shf4dqJp6QEN3Ng1qvZNg2
A14905 TMJjarXKieTzsqWoXWFSaFXpZvUoAWQgp4N
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJjarXKieTzsqWoXWFSaFXpZvUoAWQgp4N
A145123 TMHexUvJAuKjL4MkB3yBAEAg5MqTyesHzPT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHexUvJAuKjL4MkB3yBAEAg5MqTyesHzPT
A140062 TMGgY8rMfVCKJnsKE93Wb2wHo2AE1U2gLwX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGgY8rMfVCKJnsKE93Wb2wHo2AE1U2gLwX
A145699 TMVLR9aaTHHsy1ax2dxyqoSqv48oxFPYf5X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVLR9aaTHHsy1ax2dxyqoSqv48oxFPYf5X
A14479 TMQuLD6ZiXGgxzEduppthtLEjHjfodEB4s7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQuLD6ZiXGgxzEduppthtLEjHjfodEB4s7
A144345 TMQyt7aJh2D6MgMpUqAuQKyc3bCNvEQSsM3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQyt7aJh2D6MgMpUqAuQKyc3bCNvEQSsM3
A14904 TMHPQUBPm4C1kajjMMttXZ4JgyFs5dJuWWM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHPQUBPm4C1kajjMMttXZ4JgyFs5dJuWWM
A14286 TMH1EVSykXHDbBtvXfW67sUepXQE4bj2Ciy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMH1EVSykXHDbBtvXfW67sUepXQE4bj2Ciy
A14297 TMKDUYhexWoAqHUHYzCRKy9BWZVeW9RGUeW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKDUYhexWoAqHUHYzCRKy9BWZVeW9RGUeW
A143248 TMH6dWac9vvroieVRL9vmJWx9MN4bKCoiVJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMH6dWac9vvroieVRL9vmJWx9MN4bKCoiVJ
A14144 TMFGSNHR8Cg9uwyAXEkpcgKyYMMGnh3cGb7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFGSNHR8Cg9uwyAXEkpcgKyYMMGnh3cGb7
A144829 TMX6CSPn5Lus3mhv9UBFeiBUixrDecW2rg9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMX6CSPn5Lus3mhv9UBFeiBUixrDecW2rg9
A140961 TMUBMHCBmy3cc2iN4aVipufRp5xQenFqFYS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUBMHCBmy3cc2iN4aVipufRp5xQenFqFYS
A14145 TMKg4DTHJts8SzwKPE6RQfzfSw53DQZSDJP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKg4DTHJts8SzwKPE6RQfzfSw53DQZSDJP
A14401 TMTjdLcM3VsxaHtvwXWR4mLsyQTGSX61Kya
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTjdLcM3VsxaHtvwXWR4mLsyQTGSX61Kya
A14926 TMY72qZSUyEqqzJUJ1fujSMcpqCB1LD9cu7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY72qZSUyEqqzJUJ1fujSMcpqCB1LD9cu7
A14934 TMPhgztzT4j2bAqAZgkVQeBNezFjHc9MPaf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPhgztzT4j2bAqAZgkVQeBNezFjHc9MPaf
A14930 TMMNr5Q3eXJhKY3gc6YitLu3MLVfAfeqAPx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMNr5Q3eXJhKY3gc6YitLu3MLVfAfeqAPx
A14942 TMPxmFKFWLDcDEMQiGsdbWU3gxnygm86d5f
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPxmFKFWLDcDEMQiGsdbWU3gxnygm86d5f
A14941 TMa56oCyPgkQFi1fhnSbriUpx4cmhBX9cgJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa56oCyPgkQFi1fhnSbriUpx4cmhBX9cgJ
A14943 TMU19TWQukd5BKt3Gyf9qqNMSpn5pDsQSQZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMU19TWQukd5BKt3Gyf9qqNMSpn5pDsQSQZ
A14921 TMMrzSy16NWaPHNMRARyuNx7NaLkSg58fDj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMrzSy16NWaPHNMRARyuNx7NaLkSg58fDj
A14935 TMYYqzpQUBpbWvkWw23dqiFseYWmehDSggh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYYqzpQUBpbWvkWw23dqiFseYWmehDSggh
A14929 TMZxLqhrFbpXVmeWPaKGyxPt61AXHrJTgEP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZxLqhrFbpXVmeWPaKGyxPt61AXHrJTgEP
A14987 TMamMV9Xnb3PmfvCiZUftynG5xA3UPveKph
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMamMV9Xnb3PmfvCiZUftynG5xA3UPveKph
A14937 TMRCCqozuT7UMUi8rPx62uKrz3DBwY8ULXT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRCCqozuT7UMUi8rPx62uKrz3DBwY8ULXT
A14940 TMEg81v4hqAkW6NAxEUEdt24bWLLfgeHvpK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEg81v4hqAkW6NAxEUEdt24bWLLfgeHvpK
A14928 TMX4eFZLuXydoyGXXVEFAoLa7rjEGnnxg4g
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMX4eFZLuXydoyGXXVEFAoLa7rjEGnnxg4g
A14990 TMFgtXqjL3iiH6ZqYPpGsfya8BwECX133e9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFgtXqjL3iiH6ZqYPpGsfya8BwECX133e9
A14927 TMcRbiFHzx2Wi5iQdfmDNHtVGGnZhctabdu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcRbiFHzx2Wi5iQdfmDNHtVGGnZhctabdu
A14931 TMF62VcyKWvQvdv3w5b9E1J2C93VWf1yESY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF62VcyKWvQvdv3w5b9E1J2C93VWf1yESY
A14925 TMcgyNKGaVPKQyupoqS9yJrmxVDL3SJMdC2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcgyNKGaVPKQyupoqS9yJrmxVDL3SJMdC2
A14986 TMQYoaUKzqEmTp7PqnFCjf5giC4EXnwoh37
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQYoaUKzqEmTp7PqnFCjf5giC4EXnwoh37
A14938 TMTbraRVQQwGyP5jUieXceuKq8BExJiVRz2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTbraRVQQwGyP5jUieXceuKq8BExJiVRz2
A14936 TMFubjvGa9jTsAHpzxbxQR24QUVdnkGu5Sr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFubjvGa9jTsAHpzxbxQR24QUVdnkGu5Sr
A14993 TMWPooqkzMCTnqVV4h6P7CkxRfQ9UQb8YDY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWPooqkzMCTnqVV4h6P7CkxRfQ9UQb8YDY
A155657 TMUN9pJwFvvyeXR5Vvg9zkS4hBoxHvwhRL9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUN9pJwFvvyeXR5Vvg9zkS4hBoxHvwhRL9
A15262 TMPAftH9po5rrBuv1stx9GP38i1F3F2RZ4U
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPAftH9po5rrBuv1stx9GP38i1F3F2RZ4U
A15261 TMSdJ5xZa59hcPk1EkhpmFKKaAvk6tidSoT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSdJ5xZa59hcPk1EkhpmFKKaAvk6tidSoT
A15457 TMWj1fq4tE2XDzndnhmYPrhkrL9Lwa99w59
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWj1fq4tE2XDzndnhmYPrhkrL9Lwa99w59
A1553 TMYgZknuCjoEDdu3WymUTgtUbA6zfaVQVmi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYgZknuCjoEDdu3WymUTgtUbA6zfaVQVmi
A14992 TMX2QAXzjts2xKUJqQR55r6a4UBqbjaiNgn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMX2QAXzjts2xKUJqQR55r6a4UBqbjaiNgn
A15013 TMQYMy6Cd7KhsiDf4WWtW6t272YmZbJXg1w
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQYMy6Cd7KhsiDf4WWtW6t272YmZbJXg1w
A15259 TMU1nvAQ512pCAWAm6HFtLB4p4EV4r4jnPX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMU1nvAQ512pCAWAm6HFtLB4p4EV4r4jnPX
A155594 TMdCcv9DPL43bbMKZXr96UoroqH7YtUQVV7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdCcv9DPL43bbMKZXr96UoroqH7YtUQVV7
A155477 TMLLPqAXmPjiiveZeDNypepYBufRnMEPAkP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLLPqAXmPjiiveZeDNypepYBufRnMEPAkP
A14991 TMSD7vobJdATnrHAwPkUihoT1qx3F2jEyj9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSD7vobJdATnrHAwPkUihoT1qx3F2jEyj9
A155644 TMMgxSthCnUy6CmgfTU5ZTJjMXc7y2hxkbK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMgxSthCnUy6CmgfTU5ZTJjMXc7y2hxkbK
A154575 TMTjVQCNoXSTbGHVGMMPs4UB5pUf4SWHBBp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTjVQCNoXSTbGHVGMMPs4UB5pUf4SWHBBp
A155634 TMXsKxfFakKviELFevMhCCrWo81HRehFiJa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXsKxfFakKviELFevMhCCrWo81HRehFiJa
A155631 TMNnyE7GvZGoo1wLwfM7GXA2gHN9ejjZfqq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNnyE7GvZGoo1wLwfM7GXA2gHN9ejjZfqq
A15000 TMVaZnTGBnijcV5nLUmBXMF8vKXj9g9XLuQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVaZnTGBnijcV5nLUmBXMF8vKXj9g9XLuQ
A14994 TMRocmaqAkLJysuPSeotxmD776jeu8z6kAp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRocmaqAkLJysuPSeotxmD776jeu8z6kAp
A155621 TMQYJ3hBP8acWSnuFw555v3HJWPGYHg1usz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQYJ3hBP8acWSnuFw555v3HJWPGYHg1usz
A1545 TMUoACcoEN4ZHvUq8XRr5FPYkKZkFRopfUQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUoACcoEN4ZHvUq8XRr5FPYkKZkFRopfUQ
A160958 TML9SC1TuR26r3ALieuoHbD6PTWBrXNBH8d
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML9SC1TuR26r3ALieuoHbD6PTWBrXNBH8d
A1582 TMMqUp7qenWcZ5XZhiFpdzAVifkeCdbSbaq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMqUp7qenWcZ5XZhiFpdzAVifkeCdbSbaq
A1596 TMNpMvF2hKqxjEcGd1ZFfp2dzcRAzXaXzzH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNpMvF2hKqxjEcGd1ZFfp2dzcRAzXaXzzH
A16065 TMSF3DNVDdvCRvsnf3G911RKnqbe1mrvWb1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSF3DNVDdvCRvsnf3G911RKnqbe1mrvWb1
A16101 TMVNcmQYNaDiGHpMZMrCHJo99Y28trY7Qi6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVNcmQYNaDiGHpMZMrCHJo99Y28trY7Qi6
A155667 TMZfnjQqkbw1nR5gmxSFGBkmaZ9e1LPoLco
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZfnjQqkbw1nR5gmxSFGBkmaZ9e1LPoLco
A156084 TMVFpKrcgJ5pYCMPBEJphbyRqkxFHHzfQ2U
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVFpKrcgJ5pYCMPBEJphbyRqkxFHHzfQ2U
A1594 TMVoS3jU2PAo1CdbiYZiAHFNahJivPWqHSS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVoS3jU2PAo1CdbiYZiAHFNahJivPWqHSS
A158609 TMK5C2q2Hs1BvyoAyhLa1LUN27LWqw6GDQP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK5C2q2Hs1BvyoAyhLa1LUN27LWqw6GDQP
A155670 TMPoaw2PJReNLus6qbEw3TsPFMKVY84YjGm
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPoaw2PJReNLus6qbEw3TsPFMKVY84YjGm
A159721 TMNSJLSFUMrt2Z7SbVCiMU7WEZ8EJgTc1VS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNSJLSFUMrt2Z7SbVCiMU7WEZ8EJgTc1VS
A1579 TMKes4ckUvS7RsTpaep28dG9BbFFwf3TkN7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKes4ckUvS7RsTpaep28dG9BbFFwf3TkN7
A1589 TMUWhsdh67C2duzh6EYb87FjVdpcm5VGfBy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUWhsdh67C2duzh6EYb87FjVdpcm5VGfBy
A160912 TMFoYijQTMGFjXyFhj9xc5goh6ZXLaEcXiq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFoYijQTMGFjXyFhj9xc5goh6ZXLaEcXiq
A159669 TMcjgqiuREyii8RzYLrPW4jG5waVJjhwM9E
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcjgqiuREyii8RzYLrPW4jG5waVJjhwM9E
A158749 TMV65k4LTP7c4sEUN3oSayeXSA94fTRCiiX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMV65k4LTP7c4sEUN3oSayeXSA94fTRCiiX
A16092 TMJgMPKj6bzgy1hTvMWacV9zN86AQ1dF2zJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJgMPKj6bzgy1hTvMWacV9zN86AQ1dF2zJ
A159941 TMWr4HQm85zMVc6yYWGwZ46dNXknv5q5JpQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWr4HQm85zMVc6yYWGwZ46dNXknv5q5JpQ
A158455 TMdXBuaGgBvynsEjFDYgSSfQi8SRNcsAPRV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdXBuaGgBvynsEjFDYgSSfQi8SRNcsAPRV
A155663 TMQ2aoxVfEXxSJYvYXMt4TauWzBqN2DWg5G
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQ2aoxVfEXxSJYvYXMt4TauWzBqN2DWg5G
A16169 TMFwN9J4LEUb7zNNP1EN43vUMYavDpTeyKh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFwN9J4LEUb7zNNP1EN43vUMYavDpTeyKh
A16172 TMRFWRBTpi9njy1HMcvf9Q6mXDKczsGShDh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRFWRBTpi9njy1HMcvf9Q6mXDKczsGShDh
A16123 TMLQgQTAHKbpGXGnrWPiyJHGsjiKNe4ZFvP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLQgQTAHKbpGXGnrWPiyJHGsjiKNe4ZFvP
A161495 TMKc8NENP7RcBoF3kuj2MGh8n7QqQmEF8YU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKc8NENP7RcBoF3kuj2MGh8n7QqQmEF8YU
A16164 TMW3oYEU9EpD2iMpPVAWSEkComSZEaKQVGa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMW3oYEU9EpD2iMpPVAWSEkComSZEaKQVGa
A16177 TMN35B89qvRPgQq8VvmrHMmfb8Jo13BV5bs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMN35B89qvRPgQq8VvmrHMmfb8Jo13BV5bs
A16170 TMb8m3nkS5yDTKALBtsxRX3GdmLdww39ZNC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMb8m3nkS5yDTKALBtsxRX3GdmLdww39ZNC
A16149 TMUEYXwtY2yGyGBbVrrrV1CjrzgxT4tFW5N
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUEYXwtY2yGyGBbVrrrV1CjrzgxT4tFW5N
A16188 TMHADuMgHrGtjqpmvrNmgPENUW6DFRrcRwE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHADuMgHrGtjqpmvrNmgPENUW6DFRrcRwE
A16174 TMKq61WgJ79v9J1BRCxbvkt5NMhtgxinFDJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKq61WgJ79v9J1BRCxbvkt5NMhtgxinFDJ
A16175 TMMLXyhnZMU1rLqZpST4WcaV7HqkCaoJehW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMLXyhnZMU1rLqZpST4WcaV7HqkCaoJehW
A16136 TMTb1vtq4n7W8yusfdKTG2jLaokMFcyVgby
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTb1vtq4n7W8yusfdKTG2jLaokMFcyVgby
A16125 TMMCZUKrU7xbYgm4gRTYjD72aXtXJFKofZ4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMCZUKrU7xbYgm4gRTYjD72aXtXJFKofZ4
A16133 TMcQQG4AthDs6iBtmDQSHBH1RCpHB38edD1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcQQG4AthDs6iBtmDQSHBH1RCpHB38edD1
A161124 TMZacJoqC3Pbzy6pN4hUTQuMLmHBAsn4CEU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZacJoqC3Pbzy6pN4hUTQuMLmHBAsn4CEU
A16137 TMGrZrDNbR6Pc1H4S5e7kuTMPZYpy3Ffyg4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGrZrDNbR6Pc1H4S5e7kuTMPZYpy3Ffyg4
A16195 TMWV14GDXQAY78AuUFRxVQVRFBqHom9b52Z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWV14GDXQAY78AuUFRxVQVRFBqHom9b52Z
A161729 TMYqUXyMs6jjS4iFnU4VSow7nKjzHUza2px
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYqUXyMs6jjS4iFnU4VSow7nKjzHUza2px
A16191 TMa8dxMTvNZGMafR72WXMtADheyBBpzqUHi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa8dxMTvNZGMafR72WXMtADheyBBpzqUHi
A161120 TMUEeJsVj9Ke8R4v3XKHgRmkBCsnCjwHpdW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUEeJsVj9Ke8R4v3XKHgRmkBCsnCjwHpdW
A162523 TMbvdoacAmuYuWSAHjfkvFiTwBEprsvLP2P
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbvdoacAmuYuWSAHjfkvFiTwBEprsvLP2P
A16197 TMPPc8F5m4k47K9G4rccjgZMSacReoFmU1P
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPPc8F5m4k47K9G4rccjgZMSacReoFmU1P
A16227 TMGNNihZu24Hc4QmqsZVd7xtExk6zYFBrsr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGNNihZu24Hc4QmqsZVd7xtExk6zYFBrsr
A16292 TMKxL3RDAajYeVLX8d8bhzkSNQrK2Zg3j5A
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKxL3RDAajYeVLX8d8bhzkSNQrK2Zg3j5A
A16260 TMMD1xKz45mrTLtamQLpU14hwEainxJ1QiK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMD1xKz45mrTLtamQLpU14hwEainxJ1QiK
A16281 TMUZNFZNiMDAeLpxKLGLjpDyUzThHwUi3fK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUZNFZNiMDAeLpxKLGLjpDyUzThHwUi3fK
A16226 TMRQZCRBBpRC3JFuxhLqtCKeFz5NyvUZmMh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRQZCRBBpRC3JFuxhLqtCKeFz5NyvUZmMh
A16256 TMWYQG2LTGMeoqyrGqku79DhnQbgoSYsd6U
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWYQG2LTGMeoqyrGqku79DhnQbgoSYsd6U
A16299 TMX3hKRvpsPZQ6ohdzxvdUJ2ZJgqB2QT4Sv
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMX3hKRvpsPZQ6ohdzxvdUJ2ZJgqB2QT4Sv
A16263 TMXsc36Q4mp6cPWPdfec5h8ex8eVNEEBFHy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXsc36Q4mp6cPWPdfec5h8ex8eVNEEBFHy
A16305 TMTfrgNmdw5B76Mu8jPpwtCp1dMiBkHaojo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTfrgNmdw5B76Mu8jPpwtCp1dMiBkHaojo
A162670 TMbeA4y5av8sUbQUskQDtHX4jMSiGi6FTTG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbeA4y5av8sUbQUskQDtHX4jMSiGi6FTTG
A16262 TMbLWTwWSjsmXXPJabVHym6AhdgNktKz5FE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbLWTwWSjsmXXPJabVHym6AhdgNktKz5FE
A16302 TMSppQyUbjx69pS5bZ2rczcCtYLqqhcAcLu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSppQyUbjx69pS5bZ2rczcCtYLqqhcAcLu
A162666 TMQZkHY7g5c98GRkPHfCEv3VWbGNsdvKSwF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQZkHY7g5c98GRkPHfCEv3VWbGNsdvKSwF
A16267 TMcvFKogY86CtkTfgJhANdYPYg8vtxRLSPV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcvFKogY86CtkTfgJhANdYPYg8vtxRLSPV
A16293 TMdLLXWCHze6PC2XEJvbvsse5THKbthRU64
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdLLXWCHze6PC2XEJvbvsse5THKbthRU64
A16268 TMK6Z3R2ugGUwYjRpFtoqvLhLrjm3HZpqiH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK6Z3R2ugGUwYjRpFtoqvLhLrjm3HZpqiH
A16237 TMbW648BsbNmTM74rbZ8im7dgQm2VPyNEuU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbW648BsbNmTM74rbZ8im7dgQm2VPyNEuU
A16294 TMaeir9eDLiPMA6QFknMjciv8WLURLtL5oc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaeir9eDLiPMA6QFknMjciv8WLURLtL5oc
A165748 TMdNZuZfF4ndvKSYzRAV44oLGVSjv5cbvTL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdNZuZfF4ndvKSYzRAV44oLGVSjv5cbvTL
A16315 TMJKYrTr3tNpdoLxrFC3k8zn6dkkLx5Uogf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJKYrTr3tNpdoLxrFC3k8zn6dkkLx5Uogf
A16322 TMLvjW4fcwebzkaQBN2ubDcwT5UKnxJeuRz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLvjW4fcwebzkaQBN2ubDcwT5UKnxJeuRz
A164786 TMXGGGgYtsUTaVKedexFUoTAuTcyLgiyg9a
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXGGGgYtsUTaVKedexFUoTAuTcyLgiyg9a
A16312 TMZDipnwEvxmkpY1xEcsmFVE7VskgcoyNh3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZDipnwEvxmkpY1xEcsmFVE7VskgcoyNh3
A16317 TMKPAK1XTKqJ9wAyY1Qf8zXEqRZddNEY6HP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKPAK1XTKqJ9wAyY1Qf8zXEqRZddNEY6HP
A16981 TMLqb49vYEqGRS6bZCUpfXPYhsBPEawKi9j
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLqb49vYEqGRS6bZCUpfXPYhsBPEawKi9j
A163309 TMJ5djcF2vVcR98x3yQcXao7gjFBYxaiCgm
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ5djcF2vVcR98x3yQcXao7gjFBYxaiCgm
A16309 TMYdRpYRDWFM2v5JedDcsmYWhsxHemQ5KAP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYdRpYRDWFM2v5JedDcsmYWhsxHemQ5KAP
A16324 TMKpZwk8nmhbz9W53mK3VCC3otGVxQk1DGE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKpZwk8nmhbz9W53mK3VCC3otGVxQk1DGE
A166725 TMdFcKS7gkqY42GQtwaJEMTfA5XSvZ9zcCd
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdFcKS7gkqY42GQtwaJEMTfA5XSvZ9zcCd
A167477 TMHqRoAyg1Ur4SJk1doG6b5uHr2GK3tC4Wk
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHqRoAyg1Ur4SJk1doG6b5uHr2GK3tC4Wk
A167478 TMVnbRe8CDwPRuFbcKczoGRWaUPSjY9Xaqb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVnbRe8CDwPRuFbcKczoGRWaUPSjY9Xaqb
A166025 TMJYc4R86QdFTDMCzzejqrQ23Nt8cYKsyXs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJYc4R86QdFTDMCzzejqrQ23Nt8cYKsyXs
A163826 TMTazd7P9ohHdtkMX5kJyPbbtF9wyvrBpGo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTazd7P9ohHdtkMX5kJyPbbtF9wyvrBpGo
A16633 TMMwJ7Pi35rEdjQkYGP1NiJRJ87CAdqA9Jx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMwJ7Pi35rEdjQkYGP1NiJRJ87CAdqA9Jx
A16320 TMYojTPzceNqrkFQUmF13YkBgbsBW6XNqZe
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYojTPzceNqrkFQUmF13YkBgbsBW6XNqZe
A16765 TMLuNJz3HoETAh9XH5FcRDV6AfUbkDwQS2s
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLuNJz3HoETAh9XH5FcRDV6AfUbkDwQS2s
A169726 TMMP9q9Rhh7xbem5d8wVJ4M7N5TG9BBgsty
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMP9q9Rhh7xbem5d8wVJ4M7N5TG9BBgsty
A166516 TMbu8W62ARF1x4sd5w8Hrv5NSAc7PzEXpTz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbu8W62ARF1x4sd5w8Hrv5NSAc7PzEXpTz
A171220 TMZUhrRgULUXJLgAnUbCGCnnKzeynmsiRSj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZUhrRgULUXJLgAnUbCGCnnKzeynmsiRSj
A1716 TMPKA9gaj861Yjd869NQG3S5VxfptfsP4tM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPKA9gaj861Yjd869NQG3S5VxfptfsP4tM
A1730 TMYVciRvEJ8dNiNmKL1dEmRQezbUSiBrCr1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYVciRvEJ8dNiNmKL1dEmRQezbUSiBrCr1
A173952 TMMmRatfS4ugDQH9EjBAvtQnvB3cgPfaRE6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMmRatfS4ugDQH9EjBAvtQnvB3cgPfaRE6
A177097 TMaKZ2wefwYDTJNdgCnwdkisu3EgYaLfGY3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaKZ2wefwYDTJNdgCnwdkisu3EgYaLfGY3
A177112 TMVLeHpMYWeB91WTwxSC4obGWkLd9PA6J2f
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVLeHpMYWeB91WTwxSC4obGWkLd9PA6J2f
A174778 TMT7GykyppwKmrmvnN6svchWKbWTA4JLBiQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT7GykyppwKmrmvnN6svchWKbWTA4JLBiQ
A174515 TMa2ptp9jKWjasAhaTpTgNazJUr5saQUhcz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa2ptp9jKWjasAhaTpTgNazJUr5saQUhcz
A175151 TMQwReCpmFQBKxJShNb6W1YQW5tZTFZfHnh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQwReCpmFQBKxJShNb6W1YQW5tZTFZfHnh
A177098 TMdHx67APC5YMVnVXBVaauyV5A2vJqTGPUS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdHx67APC5YMVnVXBVaauyV5A2vJqTGPUS
A177071 TMP79bi9dM5jEgw8YfzdYoNfcq7J26gPajz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP79bi9dM5jEgw8YfzdYoNfcq7J26gPajz
A1705 TMauHD4SJ2doLP7bgQJ6REn5bXP5bCi1XgS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMauHD4SJ2doLP7bgQJ6REn5bXP5bCi1XgS
A172175 TMZfQBnWc3twuQztVSPpBYZBftVNFAYKzzb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZfQBnWc3twuQztVSPpBYZBftVNFAYKzzb
A173770 TMRFEs3kFbxufPfvNxLMQnecoVM8q9PZA4N
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRFEs3kFbxufPfvNxLMQnecoVM8q9PZA4N
A17065 TMQe3PdLEo3DGTUrEPbr2MQBcYpReMDHfkW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQe3PdLEo3DGTUrEPbr2MQBcYpReMDHfkW
A178185 TMGmnV5DNyE65e5RR69HJQVJfonetexBXw4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGmnV5DNyE65e5RR69HJQVJfonetexBXw4
A177074 TMYdBgEgR4je4HegSaNSCLPNn3q5HENHWCh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYdBgEgR4je4HegSaNSCLPNn3q5HENHWCh
A171499 TMJ7K5isa4i2MdRZSDMM2xVsRZLY4j37Lc5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ7K5isa4i2MdRZSDMM2xVsRZLY4j37Lc5
A171415 TMFvSTt9TA4HMkdyYSVUWjbpdQ3MHZzK1dE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFvSTt9TA4HMkdyYSVUWjbpdQ3MHZzK1dE
A170742 TMKDtg6ughscJKb3J4YMeceoSbYSoFdcLMS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKDtg6ughscJKb3J4YMeceoSbYSoFdcLMS
A1870 TMbsEBeLt1etfv2LoQAeuvPnUKjkR2UeeQY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbsEBeLt1etfv2LoQAeuvPnUKjkR2UeeQY
A184368 TMKT3UZzqZwpCBV3L6WEFV1BvJ7Np5orCCx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKT3UZzqZwpCBV3L6WEFV1BvJ7Np5orCCx
A186947 TMHCUtVai261vGTLb5CkHVnmE9idtYnmat3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHCUtVai261vGTLb5CkHVnmE9idtYnmat3
A180844 TMNnzqxwV6dbSUHPe23pL7oFqTbBRmiEEZ5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNnzqxwV6dbSUHPe23pL7oFqTbBRmiEEZ5
A188161 TMaZpNL4mWhaeepTqQrbUqj1efgGdxbZABG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaZpNL4mWhaeepTqQrbUqj1efgGdxbZABG
A17932 TMKq76H7jsTopHvBD8rkDomKGgRPa5UQX82
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKq76H7jsTopHvBD8rkDomKGgRPa5UQX82
A188914 TMF14CXm59pqKvtbebbnufrCzSHE7b75R1X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF14CXm59pqKvtbebbnufrCzSHE7b75R1X
A1813 TMQ34DwkUP3JRircJNw4CpSDCgCneUYoE5C
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQ34DwkUP3JRircJNw4CpSDCgCneUYoE5C
A17931 TMZN36gHcX15uo3WWdbWuLoUgxyd665Tboc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZN36gHcX15uo3WWdbWuLoUgxyd665Tboc
A17916 TMMfaJ8PWYnUexbjtWPKxMobT5iQgHjtA98
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMfaJ8PWYnUexbjtWPKxMobT5iQgHjtA98
A178248 TMV9DTsVFKJtUMVBmi7ErEzX4moBZ5PPwL4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMV9DTsVFKJtUMVBmi7ErEzX4moBZ5PPwL4
A18215 TMWJo2sLn5VWNRSPWjNx3WrtyRvbjRBKPCB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWJo2sLn5VWNRSPWjNx3WrtyRvbjRBKPCB
A17953 TMSbZVAFVbZcX5SsmwYejyB6e9PggykippP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSbZVAFVbZcX5SsmwYejyB6e9PggykippP
A1814 TMcM5waNFfFcLANRndUX2i8F8oJioknBKdv
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcM5waNFfFcLANRndUX2i8F8oJioknBKdv
A1879 TMPP82D79NREWh8HwK1i15WHLuwqKgvwGy1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPP82D79NREWh8HwK1i15WHLuwqKgvwGy1
A187560 TMRtbTc35cxosjtX6p5fz2CdKXXaWc7YrDD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRtbTc35cxosjtX6p5fz2CdKXXaWc7YrDD
A179135 TMM1yfqEjVwAEW8axZQfHYDKrUphs2HFv3C
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMM1yfqEjVwAEW8axZQfHYDKrUphs2HFv3C
A182543 TMEyVfSwd8NNBKJFz36o1kbKhtroFdt39HD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEyVfSwd8NNBKJFz36o1kbKhtroFdt39HD
A18092 TMLUgX4ticrovCq5bCg5jT5rdmF27K7uCyj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLUgX4ticrovCq5bCg5jT5rdmF27K7uCyj
A17952 TMJnL1F8ws48bPCv2GQycBCSJSbHtQ5BWbb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJnL1F8ws48bPCv2GQycBCSJSbHtQ5BWbb
A195590 TMa7ynZJns9BKxQUehx7i8Rp62uwj4MFvn5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa7ynZJns9BKxQUehx7i8Rp62uwj4MFvn5
A189356 TMVSttYZEJSADxrCNvm15yKnDsBwJCy7Wq8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVSttYZEJSADxrCNvm15yKnDsBwJCy7Wq8
A19443 TMGYgSqDrueTN6M37AwsbaXncMrS5NZrghr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGYgSqDrueTN6M37AwsbaXncMrS5NZrghr
A19483 TMaioAZWYh4ng9ScfZw9YcxYr7PGyJMAjg9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaioAZWYh4ng9ScfZw9YcxYr7PGyJMAjg9
A1923 TMSWRcd9q2PgHeFnNmoTT9zSNuNiaJpKqMw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSWRcd9q2PgHeFnNmoTT9zSNuNiaJpKqMw
A192475 TMVHp14vrAuW2KrHaCFDFJW7ivP7gBj1ZP7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVHp14vrAuW2KrHaCFDFJW7ivP7gBj1ZP7
A190540 TMK7vjQxRNtMuVScEeB7Y52HB3maA1jXTge
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK7vjQxRNtMuVScEeB7Y52HB3maA1jXTge
A18912 TMMFi5jgJqExQ4nuEYsWttSQSE36XtRM7CC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMFi5jgJqExQ4nuEYsWttSQSE36XtRM7CC
A195615 TMPxzHggMXZ1axpWQsDeFkzCEHau3zBDsz3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPxzHggMXZ1axpWQsDeFkzCEHau3zBDsz3
A190542 TMZrNgiEKAwCcC6LK8W8qeepKTRPSXgCv5v
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZrNgiEKAwCcC6LK8W8qeepKTRPSXgCv5v
A193577 TMTfKb42dTwuPcPVj5VUPs23QrgB2rpSvRZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTfKb42dTwuPcPVj5VUPs23QrgB2rpSvRZ
A189318 TMUAVovfH3G4RXC5WcHXDL3913KJu3Hc5Ut
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUAVovfH3G4RXC5WcHXDL3913KJu3Hc5Ut
A190966 TMSZ9q8tXjur37ZTztgz3giQpvrhEjv978g
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSZ9q8tXjur37ZTztgz3giQpvrhEjv978g
A192796 TMLamgpmmLktCkXfzUSgfnZApbScHKB1v9y
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLamgpmmLktCkXfzUSgfnZApbScHKB1v9y
A193592 TMHrKo9zkHZqxJ6EVudtAtiwEuLRrzpya2b
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHrKo9zkHZqxJ6EVudtAtiwEuLRrzpya2b
A19040 TMRLMMjdWr8VNF1RG8zBZrRkQ8QH4hKmc8v
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRLMMjdWr8VNF1RG8zBZrRkQ8QH4hKmc8v
A190576 TMLcvTypDToLSTmwFghVqeX8D5uMKSfMhw9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLcvTypDToLSTmwFghVqeX8D5uMKSfMhw9
A19613 TMVVcxdaPpNb9o3uPhKXBKEEQB5PiQ77WQs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVVcxdaPpNb9o3uPhKXBKEEQB5PiQ77WQs
A19490 TMR5MBFpBqeFHHSKWjJfbacNmgkDhfRCFQs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMR5MBFpBqeFHHSKWjJfbacNmgkDhfRCFQs
A190535 TMQo3bDcsnwh5iU9Ng3zE65ia5SNHCVpuqj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQo3bDcsnwh5iU9Ng3zE65ia5SNHCVpuqj
A198797 TMTCRkmvHFmSaQHeFomhHY5vNDZ63qFkkS7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTCRkmvHFmSaQHeFomhHY5vNDZ63qFkkS7
A198692 TMNCVcyijR1mzZUXghreoiu8r7U21Js71Kk
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNCVcyijR1mzZUXghreoiu8r7U21Js71Kk
A19687 TMaq4TSDy7v3p82NCytCFsLAEoQdpG5Wmr1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaq4TSDy7v3p82NCytCFsLAEoQdpG5Wmr1
A198854 TMHY228nRPLhM1hanX73T3qGWMJVKgk3zPG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHY228nRPLhM1hanX73T3qGWMJVKgk3zPG
A19682 TMKU8N9XEzeYstPh1ou7oVYMCtG2up8ViDH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKU8N9XEzeYstPh1ou7oVYMCtG2up8ViDH
A196666 TMR5Y16qwaeEioyRLUa2wvDmQx5wZkKhYzi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMR5Y16qwaeEioyRLUa2wvDmQx5wZkKhYzi
A198857 TMXaZXzXq32bU1y4aTFgRu2uQJdSSjHS6ZW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXaZXzXq32bU1y4aTFgRu2uQJdSSjHS6ZW
A196532 TMcc6x9nQPUS7XzEK7aJkNpujE37a81moDt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcc6x9nQPUS7XzEK7aJkNpujE37a81moDt
A19793 TMYsVw5jd8b3oVUc6LsFD3RGRwHxk3Brksp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYsVw5jd8b3oVUc6LsFD3RGRwHxk3Brksp
A19664 TMLvy44y73XMwpxxMSEKQFdNYNmVKPR5EBj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLvy44y73XMwpxxMSEKQFdNYNmVKPR5EBj
A19623 TMHxyw1T3hJFbCrBeWyHLBws3CNf3PFPSVJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHxyw1T3hJFbCrBeWyHLBws3CNf3PFPSVJ
A19854 TMRQgSqN7euWcuuVzhp4bvwLvVB9eqv9k8S
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRQgSqN7euWcuuVzhp4bvwLvVB9eqv9k8S
A19839 TMT5CaziqAsJ49MMJTdn7EfMFqM7L9bkZAE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT5CaziqAsJ49MMJTdn7EfMFqM7L9bkZAE
A197130 TMUyXAaPTPqeorGjqLuQwMHRuddbLfbNnYj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUyXAaPTPqeorGjqLuQwMHRuddbLfbNnYj
A198960 TMNt1nwNeH6LNLHHuC7jLRcPPK4tRB4XEBA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNt1nwNeH6LNLHHuC7jLRcPPK4tRB4XEBA
A198855 TMLtsk3KdH5CgWnXpLcULm3jhubZ2hN6Q9P
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLtsk3KdH5CgWnXpLcULm3jhubZ2hN6Q9P
A198845 TMVsxFwWyvnnq4UbupCfof3GhUDtL7NehYg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVsxFwWyvnnq4UbupCfof3GhUDtL7NehYg
A19869 TMFpmuLsF67zE1Nm8etAtmi3hwTyymzv6aj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFpmuLsF67zE1Nm8etAtmi3hwTyymzv6aj
A196558 TMNuADscUJi2agPW9ihW2nWZzPXsfDRNAsm
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNuADscUJi2agPW9ihW2nWZzPXsfDRNAsm
A198647 TMW62ryjMyR5TGzRWrL4WmoxebQzR3FW8Hu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMW62ryjMyR5TGzRWrL4WmoxebQzR3FW8Hu
A199300 TMHh8oWcDoVbWsFityicAQUfWkJ3Ru2F1qG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHh8oWcDoVbWsFityicAQUfWkJ3Ru2F1qG
A199494 TMSEVg8N2gQa1mKptSyynhHSdFQVvBDmY9m
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSEVg8N2gQa1mKptSyynhHSdFQVvBDmY9m
A199750 TMcvaUNRCZVPToTBo5Nd1jS9RTggKLw3c1e
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcvaUNRCZVPToTBo5Nd1jS9RTggKLw3c1e
A199024 TMMkAkbAR7TMkkEH7KE4FMsUnzBt2YNThJG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMkAkbAR7TMkkEH7KE4FMsUnzBt2YNThJG
A198966 TMSFCMV9uYT5UoQ9hwUAanev7x51n63WdqM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSFCMV9uYT5UoQ9hwUAanev7x51n63WdqM
A199020 TMVNm5XKCM2HHUuLqSPf27eNqMhxRv6HbJg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVNm5XKCM2HHUuLqSPf27eNqMhxRv6HbJg
A199416 TMJ1ydkQq46Te2M4BVwVTXKMDjPtCAUq4sX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ1ydkQq46Te2M4BVwVTXKMDjPtCAUq4sX
A199027 TMZ3DWEuvabQXiaZsD5dbGZwtvBiPhCFCdu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ3DWEuvabQXiaZsD5dbGZwtvBiPhCFCdu
A199107 TMcJsGj7NHM7eAexHcN14NGNKkBSfsVXaLY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcJsGj7NHM7eAexHcN14NGNKkBSfsVXaLY
A199115 TMLCyTwHQVnoUw7nuEC1jipHMBqMyr2xY28
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLCyTwHQVnoUw7nuEC1jipHMBqMyr2xY28
A199552 TMVdcU4u7kEQk4xLEkYwt64rDC6HF8AkEfX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVdcU4u7kEQk4xLEkYwt64rDC6HF8AkEfX
A199413 TMdAXXGU2ykBeGdDeeAa3eJrXradsVFs29H
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdAXXGU2ykBeGdDeeAa3eJrXradsVFs29H
A199320 TMc57xrEn5WaWJfxB9bRPq5bdrwCkLDv6bR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMc57xrEn5WaWJfxB9bRPq5bdrwCkLDv6bR
A198965 TMTURBg9m27kjkouSQf6uj4H4B9iFoe9PYr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTURBg9m27kjkouSQf6uj4H4B9iFoe9PYr
A199022 TMFR3LVzaAg9Tv1cctf81wy6qhfdh6b4and
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFR3LVzaAg9Tv1cctf81wy6qhfdh6b4and
A199559 TMGasLFq17Hw5sYw6Ff2nJT48juqkbY2r1s
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGasLFq17Hw5sYw6Ff2nJT48juqkbY2r1s
A199686 TMW6fGmtTwYCnPfzMWuMLVdKkXux9KT7sH4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMW6fGmtTwYCnPfzMWuMLVdKkXux9KT7sH4
A199682 TMYLWXbTjd3WTrBP4RT35TQewiF6NQgVmPz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYLWXbTjd3WTrBP4RT35TQewiF6NQgVmPz
A19958 TMPgnoMDsYQrRixvfMYb551ECqCZXNVzZGa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPgnoMDsYQrRixvfMYb551ECqCZXNVzZGa
A199562 TMRMULV78L9bS1CCJTePTN8ya7MgSGejFFN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRMULV78L9bS1CCJTePTN8ya7MgSGejFFN
A2042 TMUprizfRXVzbVYdXDNHzrXFHwrR4zim2Hy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUprizfRXVzbVYdXDNHzrXFHwrR4zim2Hy
A200441 TMG39eiXp2UKBVh6uk6iHWUKPFx6esw7Q7X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMG39eiXp2UKBVh6uk6iHWUKPFx6esw7Q7X
A203170 TMS5RoUVNBkvrPVR77WXU7ssvNLo6vDNtyD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMS5RoUVNBkvrPVR77WXU7ssvNLo6vDNtyD
A2023 TMTaNHFAovzPsKmKaHfdtRdRhq1EKq6LVw1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTaNHFAovzPsKmKaHfdtRdRhq1EKq6LVw1
A20000 TMN1WrMWb2Yc61sgJAUfRSttCEasNss2S1X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMN1WrMWb2Yc61sgJAUfRSttCEasNss2S1X
A203579 TMMxbAdaJVErXBqTJYpV7MX4p4KQgeuFqgS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMxbAdaJVErXBqTJYpV7MX4p4KQgeuFqgS
A199760 TMVVrQ6RS3hawzBJyFeC4LoVoqNfqSVyGp6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVVrQ6RS3hawzBJyFeC4LoVoqNfqSVyGp6
A20341 TMbbJ1hqhXDbz8vwUVQ4yYkwgEyunb3N5v6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbbJ1hqhXDbz8vwUVQ4yYkwgEyunb3N5v6
A20448 TMaHiNyrpFRZoX2nj7gTFTvv9Whshrrdqnu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaHiNyrpFRZoX2nj7gTFTvv9Whshrrdqnu
A20346 TMZffDxh6NpV9xWJjUjVaaSBzh7YtzXtB2X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZffDxh6NpV9xWJjUjVaaSBzh7YtzXtB2X
A20499 TMUmNW6KRAuFb2z7UtMwqnFz5ofRSo9dU6A
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUmNW6KRAuFb2z7UtMwqnFz5ofRSo9dU6A
A199761 TMQbFHp7QFbaYR8CMYVtZ4kSqKkGNcTW4Pe
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQbFHp7QFbaYR8CMYVtZ4kSqKkGNcTW4Pe
A199755 TMLQuzR8nmiE7yt6z3VJgtRL6d4Jz3Qguob
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLQuzR8nmiE7yt6z3VJgtRL6d4Jz3Qguob
A20494 TMUCTHS9ZxPs64An2koJsM3xgXbgnecFJdW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUCTHS9ZxPs64An2koJsM3xgXbgnecFJdW
A19999 TMSv9fQ8MCC9nyM2ELqY3vLg94bAHJpCVzC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSv9fQ8MCC9nyM2ELqY3vLg94bAHJpCVzC
A20515 TMNQRtMjAbTH583eMQsB97RNrjZj5z1MdjX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNQRtMjAbTH583eMQsB97RNrjZj5z1MdjX
A20527 TMSq6XqbiVq5wCypodRpfRtH4WDTkKZywEu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSq6XqbiVq5wCypodRpfRtH4WDTkKZywEu
A204245 TMXmDXiqqKtJ8pZZkBnCAs2ssVd5iBL1ejs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXmDXiqqKtJ8pZZkBnCAs2ssVd5iBL1ejs
A20343 TMPHqMRrHYkjAnFBGaQ4xrkJjkm51tdo42f
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPHqMRrHYkjAnFBGaQ4xrkJjkm51tdo42f
A199753 TMHKnaQMjCD4LUJz2hKdVGgRvQdouUEudXY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHKnaQMjCD4LUJz2hKdVGgRvQdouUEudXY
A20579 TMR31NnbmtWQ9VNvwp2JDHjbts9NnqoqAwJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMR31NnbmtWQ9VNvwp2JDHjbts9NnqoqAwJ
A20568 TMRjUuUAgLwipeLPwKUYi2TsxHLRj3EvsNu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRjUuUAgLwipeLPwKUYi2TsxHLRj3EvsNu
A20593 TMXTFmg4cZeKtD5dMgonNM7jzWdRKSNgZYi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXTFmg4cZeKtD5dMgonNM7jzWdRKSNgZYi
A20606 TMFV51gU3JbT6D3eDEntTrwjArjHabuB3aM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFV51gU3JbT6D3eDEntTrwjArjHabuB3aM
A20758 TMaYzPpkFnp8E2JR2jt8QsfpugnKmDUFKqx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaYzPpkFnp8E2JR2jt8QsfpugnKmDUFKqx
A20566 TMQfF7tirM8yXjnyzA7NqzzFVxvJyaQ2F4d
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQfF7tirM8yXjnyzA7NqzzFVxvJyaQ2F4d
A20571 TMb3kMSDZ5EfqBAmH4FSWmbo9uQM4YMxmbp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMb3kMSDZ5EfqBAmH4FSWmbo9uQM4YMxmbp
A20569 TMFyMnpiHF9gGFagctdTCeFCQBNUwSwtV3R
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFyMnpiHF9gGFagctdTCeFCQBNUwSwtV3R
A2066 TML7riRKKMHbWSGqLyK4HxoCQKqKzTVB8vi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML7riRKKMHbWSGqLyK4HxoCQKqKzTVB8vi
A20871 TML9a4YXWqFnyCnCtv3PV3KRAWAJfgUtRkJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML9a4YXWqFnyCnCtv3PV3KRAWAJfgUtRkJ
A20726 TMGoCCv6yYnTAUkTrc8dveAgwgg5UZarXPd
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGoCCv6yYnTAUkTrc8dveAgwgg5UZarXPd
A20594 TMQ8Bm7aWYCxk4wtfYa41smKyPpCJx5jSPY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQ8Bm7aWYCxk4wtfYa41smKyPpCJx5jSPY
A20572 TMcTLukZR1V5yw7QDXp7EP4NEg4PKa3viP8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcTLukZR1V5yw7QDXp7EP4NEg4PKa3viP8
A20530 TMTj39PmLmRR1gVsiPYbcYiUESvehW9TCXi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTj39PmLmRR1gVsiPYbcYiUESvehW9TCXi
A20567 TMYiQVFXjuPKvRhgHjXYhQ51dVq8oauFJ61
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYiQVFXjuPKvRhgHjXYhQ51dVq8oauFJ61
A20766 TMbgpFiLSh8EaDeDdVSws7atXxpHeCdYEdr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbgpFiLSh8EaDeDdVSws7atXxpHeCdYEdr
A20595 TMVW2YEitXXqu6YQfnoHvgA5A1ztvJTKWWR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVW2YEitXXqu6YQfnoHvgA5A1ztvJTKWWR
A20537 TMQewWV8RvP4qxUWfeWTW3bE78HdmvjjpmK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQewWV8RvP4qxUWfeWTW3bE78HdmvjjpmK
A20577 TMTQ8zPMHzXq7efhAr5WCVjbr3Ra7GtD57y
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTQ8zPMHzXq7efhAr5WCVjbr3Ra7GtD57y
A20573 TMYu5rHtMveAMYqyNBWySyg7JEDpQfwxsHp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYu5rHtMveAMYqyNBWySyg7JEDpQfwxsHp
A20874 TMWCK1uwPZ8T31RS7BSr46Le3x9NVvGnCzP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWCK1uwPZ8T31RS7BSr46Le3x9NVvGnCzP
A20984 TMFGpSKVGUWyY9KM7MtjnWHsoVZgL7vXrit
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFGpSKVGUWyY9KM7MtjnWHsoVZgL7vXrit
A20969 TMGeNgtX7ZNSbWyzaNPemUEqQMzPnSinYJG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGeNgtX7ZNSbWyzaNPemUEqQMzPnSinYJG
A214885 TMMqwV3t4KTRNV9jTMbqAuwbJ1HEEh4Nebe
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMqwV3t4KTRNV9jTMbqAuwbJ1HEEh4Nebe
A21204 TMPSfy4j66GjGMAwK2rsJHQuayPHygfkmko
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPSfy4j66GjGMAwK2rsJHQuayPHygfkmko
A21474 TMF4f7rNjgUnGEhyst6UQhs75a1qq5JbvGB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF4f7rNjgUnGEhyst6UQhs75a1qq5JbvGB
A213770 TMQxZFqqVSKbBepDYc4obUz7Jc6HYiV8scY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQxZFqqVSKbBepDYc4obUz7Jc6HYiV8scY
A21194 TMKcBGMgvesTmQQCcGsdc1v8rCGVwhWZrFA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKcBGMgvesTmQQCcGsdc1v8rCGVwhWZrFA
A2089 TMZPztSeAqZLmnvbm7zNnTyKSkD4byqWpqN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZPztSeAqZLmnvbm7zNnTyKSkD4byqWpqN
A21614 TMU5TLEa2uQDBBkK9KJipmVscTFrbnhC34P
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMU5TLEa2uQDBBkK9KJipmVscTFrbnhC34P
A21454 TMS1U4NG8citb4Cr6mRDzcinVzqjosdysJr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMS1U4NG8citb4Cr6mRDzcinVzqjosdysJr
A212133 TMHaNiSSiVVPgyd4YMUCUKq1cqouhudRqH1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHaNiSSiVVPgyd4YMUCUKq1cqouhudRqH1
A21524 TMNXACh6hxpt97CkKi8b4Cybxyk4hXhd4Yo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNXACh6hxpt97CkKi8b4Cybxyk4hXhd4Yo
A21484 TMF2ujGEAgeMEuVgQnaN8hujygMJdem7N3N
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF2ujGEAgeMEuVgQnaN8hujygMJdem7N3N
A212699 TMWfGzLLJSAagKgjSbdTzaUPNYmUAxVRxtV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWfGzLLJSAagKgjSbdTzaUPNYmUAxVRxtV
A212850 TMF1zNtuWvDTmPL8moaAf7tUVjtGWrbMAKW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF1zNtuWvDTmPL8moaAf7tUVjtGWrbMAKW
A20973 TMFgHrWbVs8gtVzv47zSSpEaXgqDf3Xxtrq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFgHrWbVs8gtVzv47zSSpEaXgqDf3Xxtrq
A21064 TMT23i2UQGVoVeMA3AxqLJnnB9ngogshKni
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT23i2UQGVoVeMA3AxqLJnnB9ngogshKni
A21294 TMXGj9k2CdhCHMZrbidCFnmRKBr8kyQKvk6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXGj9k2CdhCHMZrbidCFnmRKBr8kyQKvk6
A21334 TMGQwzRJUg9TU6U9cCDDL3LBvuJ2xCJT7Su
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGQwzRJUg9TU6U9cCDDL3LBvuJ2xCJT7Su
A217471 TMYcZ9MgCeqTEakzCAnRh716kAWRQgsYrZC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYcZ9MgCeqTEakzCAnRh716kAWRQgsYrZC
A220186 TMEqt7XTZ7mVhQyUTzhJm765JCK2pgRfSCD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEqt7XTZ7mVhQyUTzhJm765JCK2pgRfSCD
A21734 TMNuZLBrLVeMBcv9J3gcmvw2UQ4R2ZyZ2tm
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNuZLBrLVeMBcv9J3gcmvw2UQ4R2ZyZ2tm
A22000 TMH4V8Lv7xqJj4HXsaiwLVfUYAbpb46nJ4h
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMH4V8Lv7xqJj4HXsaiwLVfUYAbpb46nJ4h
A21629 TMGPqdir8wFDdGPMSJNKXFwDjxHZhJWy8H6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGPqdir8wFDdGPMSJNKXFwDjxHZhJWy8H6
A22117 TMWvLTQCuZ8HGrAR2F31RhpdXbzWXvjSTR5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWvLTQCuZ8HGrAR2F31RhpdXbzWXvjSTR5
A21714 TMQpnJ1A9gUbbKx6FFmZiysDYwzWR2W88w8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQpnJ1A9gUbbKx6FFmZiysDYwzWR2W88w8
A22126 TMFNTQMBxd6EwcVhE3F7h7CBprzcTj26aCr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFNTQMBxd6EwcVhE3F7h7CBprzcTj26aCr
A218722 TMF7qh2DfrCj6kKB4cKYCffmcK99HNBzUqJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF7qh2DfrCj6kKB4cKYCffmcK99HNBzUqJ
A218726 TMEpjNaDpEMqwXZ2BAedyCc7xxxaVZLNxKR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEpjNaDpEMqwXZ2BAedyCc7xxxaVZLNxKR
A218734 TMKrN75R7XvJJHAnSH1Sc2TqusPP25r61K4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKrN75R7XvJJHAnSH1Sc2TqusPP25r61K4
A21664 TMH6vdVeuQLGJNuZmiAWKq61UHzUZmyGSx4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMH6vdVeuQLGJNuZmiAWKq61UHzUZmyGSx4
A220528 TMby3kpZxg6SSECe6GKDYkkTvdQKRg3ooDc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMby3kpZxg6SSECe6GKDYkkTvdQKRg3ooDc
A22107 TMGSo3oAFwS9sJQ3n1TMkSBGR1iLVBMhFa2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGSo3oAFwS9sJQ3n1TMkSBGR1iLVBMhFa2
A22104 TMFvZZkva4k4RoXxEb5eVjEUehLe42gw8kn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFvZZkva4k4RoXxEb5eVjEUehLe42gw8kn
A219205 TMMNer4KJAvxTpMLaX9GxG69v7PYLtJPAAo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMNer4KJAvxTpMLaX9GxG69v7PYLtJPAAo
A21964 TMHqwufEpcyfXKfv5XaCx51Ub8DqRYgnvNi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHqwufEpcyfXKfv5XaCx51Ub8DqRYgnvNi
A21784 TMLk5YBKL7tVfq5si56JaHaXCTJZ3Ys991X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLk5YBKL7tVfq5si56JaHaXCTJZ3Ys991X
A218738 TMXSrxfrFSmjbCERqDPsDFWDYCN5jbjfBpW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXSrxfrFSmjbCERqDPsDFWDYCN5jbjfBpW
A21844 TMZ9wg3L5G1dmuNoWVU5rQwwdR5YhnuHjun
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ9wg3L5G1dmuNoWVU5rQwwdR5YhnuHjun
A223270 TMUhb4b1TKUB54wNuZNU7AM3VQYxfU5Crc2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUhb4b1TKUB54wNuZNU7AM3VQYxfU5Crc2
A22397 TMYhQzvWYnph8ewCmNbyq3NMT9kBD8VDY1H
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYhQzvWYnph8ewCmNbyq3NMT9kBD8VDY1H
A221904 TMdVprg6cBFGHSibgMtaLJRF1w7iviU3wnk
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdVprg6cBFGHSibgMtaLJRF1w7iviU3wnk
A2260 TMUtmgZVpv36JLdYDhrbX7AG4LmqwvT2KJ5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUtmgZVpv36JLdYDhrbX7AG4LmqwvT2KJ5
A227137 TMGfMEKjQCKyzs5CJiH6HpEYzdvh7ETB8T5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGfMEKjQCKyzs5CJiH6HpEYzdvh7ETB8T5
A221906 TMWpxs64sCpmwzJu89gZDsroVxssmoiUoxS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWpxs64sCpmwzJu89gZDsroVxssmoiUoxS
A22376 TMVFy3RKgmoUKuvUStYziKHtTiqd1HzjvgD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVFy3RKgmoUKuvUStYziKHtTiqd1HzjvgD
A226201 TMY2BwFSjwZQB8y1Gi6tJGw4ageQLdcNbHZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY2BwFSjwZQB8y1Gi6tJGw4ageQLdcNbHZ
A224384 TMQTjHar2BmwdTATg867XKwY1cc1YbqH3rr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQTjHar2BmwdTATg867XKwY1cc1YbqH3rr
A224329 TMWVRRiLah31NG8DVS9sSBobdw8Bm7xtVqr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWVRRiLah31NG8DVS9sSBobdw8Bm7xtVqr
A22349 TMLPbq3eTxoXGxGCh1RkBGdZ7KTavWNTNq5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLPbq3eTxoXGxGCh1RkBGdZ7KTavWNTNq5
A226265 TMcB2ddLopKj82EjQ59Nd3Lhofw76ox1sVi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcB2ddLopKj82EjQ59Nd3Lhofw76ox1sVi
A221909 TMcAnp4kpLLYHuyFfCGZrVVd7c5Mxr2HL8z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcAnp4kpLLYHuyFfCGZrVVd7c5Mxr2HL8z
A224328 TMdW5R6ZRj9HaPkexHWmkj7y5ZbuAfzYKST
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdW5R6ZRj9HaPkexHWmkj7y5ZbuAfzYKST
A22412 TMZuidQoHMpzS6BbCA3Eki7V4zFLv5jhH4X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZuidQoHMpzS6BbCA3Eki7V4zFLv5jhH4X
A22362 TMJgPVsB4E5eu1mDd2Zt5oLWNZfiNyAiv8a
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJgPVsB4E5eu1mDd2Zt5oLWNZfiNyAiv8a
A2262 TMJwV3Ka43d8p1MXSyb8zcd8bH18g2fkCsS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJwV3Ka43d8p1MXSyb8zcd8bH18g2fkCsS
A22142 TMGUimoLrfcWRQA6NL3HUiCgaaoR34jxT1u
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGUimoLrfcWRQA6NL3HUiCgaaoR34jxT1u
A226199 TMYy7jDCCM342cMsixpvqmjcWHDfcBGqTrs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYy7jDCCM342cMsixpvqmjcWHDfcBGqTrs
A22402 TMMLE2vKbNFEV7LcaCRtKXUwSerLMnLj5HW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMLE2vKbNFEV7LcaCRtKXUwSerLMnLj5HW
A228840 TMXj4QktDNat5etziaP7XiKWEfzsDaY6VWQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXj4QktDNat5etziaP7XiKWEfzsDaY6VWQ
A23952 TMFECvKt9UiNvJJQRcBYPs8V4UWu5A8NShm
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFECvKt9UiNvJJQRcBYPs8V4UWu5A8NShm
A23954 TMJjqmdZBaprxDSAWVcxVETsdTTtecK2F8K
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJjqmdZBaprxDSAWVcxVETsdTTtecK2F8K
A227138 TMa1WehzKYtgpEyibFyni5hTT6NQPrw8fjC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa1WehzKYtgpEyibFyni5hTT6NQPrw8fjC
A24064 TMXEGMSQtgAwwNrxiMksc1oCkW29rf7HCrJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXEGMSQtgAwwNrxiMksc1oCkW29rf7HCrJ
A24067 TMVHACudNpyLVs4j6QxWioooeSH7u8n6oLD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVHACudNpyLVs4j6QxWioooeSH7u8n6oLD
A2276 TMMwwmZk1LuqzhnJfZ412ddKNyC27vxnyGr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMwwmZk1LuqzhnJfZ412ddKNyC27vxnyGr
A2282 TMb49aYB2AGsqbJwgEzNTCQZWi1QSU2W5dJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMb49aYB2AGsqbJwgEzNTCQZWi1QSU2W5dJ
A23619 TMQosU65PRZVd5JgD5mwSiWH9mPzXuyPst4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQosU65PRZVd5JgD5mwSiWH9mPzXuyPst4
A24074 TMUf3Vy9K8uxqqJdLoNsynVpEEQDqjZ5niV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUf3Vy9K8uxqqJdLoNsynVpEEQDqjZ5niV
A233744 TMRAXzMzWuLSSVUsyYdRrCijXjsvG4ZBmww
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRAXzMzWuLSSVUsyYdRrCijXjsvG4ZBmww
A2275 TML8Jumr7BFXBU1XMEaizLYNF5hbvRrwvyZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML8Jumr7BFXBU1XMEaizLYNF5hbvRrwvyZ
A229572 TMY9daMNLZkC4vws4wso7mAsbZ4kVeFGFfK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY9daMNLZkC4vws4wso7mAsbZ4kVeFGFfK
A24037 TMckYWKGMz2f5ZB8UiEFJHbsuZugjmAAwtr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMckYWKGMz2f5ZB8UiEFJHbsuZugjmAAwtr
A239094 TMXjiboaTrV8U4EeSWQi3a6HEDNTz8UhdjW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXjiboaTrV8U4EeSWQi3a6HEDNTz8UhdjW
A2309 TMVwHcUQKohP9BbTpyCPGzT3reanY1Ssg5u
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVwHcUQKohP9BbTpyCPGzT3reanY1Ssg5u
A24056 TMM6fZXudpA6jSaiMiraRJZEtt7V7e3x3bY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMM6fZXudpA6jSaiMiraRJZEtt7V7e3x3bY
A23999 TMGRhP6WU1N5gvHUDuo1ypWRXXCvzeRaSR6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGRhP6WU1N5gvHUDuo1ypWRXXCvzeRaSR6
A229136 TMM57NttvmWhsVfdjMS8zMMmUYTmJ8d4bnx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMM57NttvmWhsVfdjMS8zMMmUYTmJ8d4bnx
A24057 TMZvtbYytARvr946mCgem7XyaKSaTTa6Kzf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZvtbYytARvr946mCgem7XyaKSaTTa6Kzf
A241031 TMd94v2etnyAzDToaaDqiZ3XNGPdQSpzWZr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMd94v2etnyAzDToaaDqiZ3XNGPdQSpzWZr
A241029 TMXDVMbfhu9HfRYwFYoM8N2U7VY6A4JScp7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXDVMbfhu9HfRYwFYoM8N2U7VY6A4JScp7
A24118 TMPNrerRGQubQnvavRMeHANoZecb14DaXyL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPNrerRGQubQnvavRMeHANoZecb14DaXyL
A24088 TMaAY1GxrGhQZiaPmbV68EkHAb8iMdwqRGB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaAY1GxrGhQZiaPmbV68EkHAb8iMdwqRGB
A24133 TMSxz4v6atthbuzbuZiePLRhymA374hawsV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSxz4v6atthbuzbuZiePLRhymA374hawsV
A24170 TMc65niH3pCZf4yaUamNf72USy392iyuu7a
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMc65niH3pCZf4yaUamNf72USy392iyuu7a
A24139 TMWMTCqifLBGGFGYPTSrevhBX1kKuyVDEB9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWMTCqifLBGGFGYPTSrevhBX1kKuyVDEB9
A24102 TMXCEB3JHJ9qde6fTfACgyGp6pxK1MAmMdc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXCEB3JHJ9qde6fTfACgyGp6pxK1MAmMdc
A24167 TMNpHzQYdsteYniWd3xKSeTrYWEJNeJdLDZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNpHzQYdsteYniWd3xKSeTrYWEJNeJdLDZ
A24434 TMXMEqnw1UVV3HHJWs6meaGLbbBnFVosMy1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXMEqnw1UVV3HHJWs6meaGLbbBnFVosMy1
A24086 TMRHza4KaEP6Ph1H2QbxqYVNmdW3jZ3ez6s
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRHza4KaEP6Ph1H2QbxqYVNmdW3jZ3ez6s
A24116 TMXwhh3BFFmq6LwprUhsgqegFHVtRfQfYZw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXwhh3BFFmq6LwprUhsgqegFHVtRfQfYZw
A2446 TMNiA7YPxGpmzYsB11rQ8eJyY7MMym1aM9T
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNiA7YPxGpmzYsB11rQ8eJyY7MMym1aM9T
A24148 TMPdGQzBuQHyqyJbALrWocmhJBzK9gvicAz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPdGQzBuQHyqyJbALrWocmhJBzK9gvicAz
A24439 TMFDrWHm2MY4n8F53t5wLyuy5kwnNHMuX1y
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFDrWHm2MY4n8F53t5wLyuy5kwnNHMuX1y
A24141 TMP4sozTvUiGXTsqizPSqc9HEZF6jUKhFrt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP4sozTvUiGXTsqizPSqc9HEZF6jUKhFrt
A24134 TMbYnAidyCMQvAjA4EWcLSnMfqiVWHQtcsE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbYnAidyCMQvAjA4EWcLSnMfqiVWHQtcsE
A24444 TMQg9EUPRPuGw4X51mKx8ZqtUjys2j1gNWf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQg9EUPRPuGw4X51mKx8ZqtUjys2j1gNWf
A24091 TMMjbouc1n5EY25v7Y6uyyMMUaDViXbVCB5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMjbouc1n5EY25v7Y6uyyMMUaDViXbVCB5
A24346 TMRVTod8FtA1kESKhA6FP621QyRXg64frSX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRVTod8FtA1kESKhA6FP621QyRXg64frSX
A255435 TMRbkFAR94ViUp3RBWyiwbHjYc6j1C2aHLu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRbkFAR94ViUp3RBWyiwbHjYc6j1C2aHLu
A257285 TMTDZEFPHRmkrHFspvy3hJHMbAv8xHcbTe3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTDZEFPHRmkrHFspvy3hJHMbAv8xHcbTe3
A253208 TMMxvwYbJKNeqHqt9tHorTuruKk2BJo9FK4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMxvwYbJKNeqHqt9tHorTuruKk2BJo9FK4
A2571 TMd3CnVpjGTG5QeFpHT1ZW61ymFBU6Cke19
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMd3CnVpjGTG5QeFpHT1ZW61ymFBU6Cke19
A254641 TMWAXXFnBtz9otp4VeT2b9FhRQ7yM6T5DcN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWAXXFnBtz9otp4VeT2b9FhRQ7yM6T5DcN
A250162 TMdzXkgpJzxhqnvXbVJnFFT35QBFQN1GfmL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdzXkgpJzxhqnvXbVJnFFT35QBFQN1GfmL
A256832 TMZPZD2uHfDvwc6whoqjeTdZiuCFfRqBQrx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZPZD2uHfDvwc6whoqjeTdZiuCFfRqBQrx
A245020 TMWnYDQMYz8VYAmew7ae2fqA4GegeVDuJPN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWnYDQMYz8VYAmew7ae2fqA4GegeVDuJPN
A256512 TMFN26z87GRJKdP75Suz8Jsmtj1B7i5StxE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFN26z87GRJKdP75Suz8Jsmtj1B7i5StxE
A2451 TMNmDS18st5pUfgmkzMDRvJxNxtRoyW3VKL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNmDS18st5pUfgmkzMDRvJxNxtRoyW3VKL
A24772 TMbLXYPZJLXGwZrTjTJctW6hhdmAZRrcHG8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbLXYPZJLXGwZrTjTJctW6hhdmAZRrcHG8
A254 TMUDj58EYKUC1Vgw4ccwjJvEnQohYQmTAJC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUDj58EYKUC1Vgw4ccwjJvEnQohYQmTAJC
A25007 TMLmETAFd5Eu1FbLmr82YgirNshK9txZLXT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLmETAFd5Eu1FbLmr82YgirNshK9txZLXT
A254620 TMVRReTjQyciDSebLhckY4S8QvbJk8H8rTt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVRReTjQyciDSebLhckY4S8QvbJk8H8rTt
A2453 TMdC7ekuHSG1b3HNPxRcLaLTKhX39aN8ziD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdC7ekuHSG1b3HNPxRcLaLTKhX39aN8ziD
A250652 TMd5fmDJEhpDRxsaLYDMF1nb2XKk5jMJp92
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMd5fmDJEhpDRxsaLYDMF1nb2XKk5jMJp92
A250212 TMLLSzaa3zE6fqyPVs7aXCxiDC2N7eM9vu6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLLSzaa3zE6fqyPVs7aXCxiDC2N7eM9vu6
A257449 TMWzrCNRg3q9qaVpbB5bydA3r8WUMhEy3fV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWzrCNRg3q9qaVpbB5bydA3r8WUMhEy3fV
A255433 TMTXRxy4UJfX613Fxi5j2PgyPwCATkuZHQd
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTXRxy4UJfX613Fxi5j2PgyPwCATkuZHQd
A253826 TMUGCZ7AQq42STBeyvKjSEBR737vupmHhiY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUGCZ7AQq42STBeyvKjSEBR737vupmHhiY
A25985 TMJW1wZVbbEMbNbuTq6Jsa3qGmzGqCT7mqV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJW1wZVbbEMbNbuTq6Jsa3qGmzGqCT7mqV
A25998 TMLELmBNE4dGFktsR4juDcC1doBMNUnZ1S1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLELmBNE4dGFktsR4juDcC1doBMNUnZ1S1
A25991 TMSDGrnGMNUPYBDuKHiZta1prSVJzfGn8BH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSDGrnGMNUPYBDuKHiZta1prSVJzfGn8BH
A25957 TMTxAgLQ3QEuCsimobLUJhWYfopJDSiSXym
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTxAgLQ3QEuCsimobLUJhWYfopJDSiSXym
A26108 TMdx2yiEjdnbpdBt7G2Y3z5TwzAUHFFVC3h
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdx2yiEjdnbpdBt7G2Y3z5TwzAUHFFVC3h
A25936 TMMjWpgaQ8H7VfTTYKQ5uq9VSDPhFTVrqH4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMjWpgaQ8H7VfTTYKQ5uq9VSDPhFTVrqH4
A25968 TMX1sXYVzuPPNzJnpfuNgg5BLUtTRxXsmq9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMX1sXYVzuPPNzJnpfuNgg5BLUtTRxXsmq9
A25951 TMFcYyFqf6A9YdUbWUZvXHeqfaqwkW1QNeY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFcYyFqf6A9YdUbWUZvXHeqfaqwkW1QNeY
A25955 TMYW4ca14rw3hNhikgWnhREiQwYN3ajdzjy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYW4ca14rw3hNhikgWnhREiQwYN3ajdzjy
A25929 TMWZpypffwFNNTnE3mDEyu8g7JCE6pAYwtB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWZpypffwFNNTnE3mDEyu8g7JCE6pAYwtB
A259319 TMaQFbw8142jHJwYG6FSuNg6p4Jo9Sm9dqF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaQFbw8142jHJwYG6FSuNg6p4Jo9Sm9dqF
A262594 TMdeAWT5i6MjKanMgZbdkse47jA1CsWheHx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdeAWT5i6MjKanMgZbdkse47jA1CsWheHx
A25940 TMKw8iU4Q1iBQt6MT2pTnQNHt7S1sknkMba
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKw8iU4Q1iBQt6MT2pTnQNHt7S1sknkMba
A25937 TMNuUn76jokzFpYuawb3zepARAxry7ur21V
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNuUn76jokzFpYuawb3zepARAxry7ur21V
A261391 TMcsoveMckqbq48NJXL5MUUNYdMd3cSRNFY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcsoveMckqbq48NJXL5MUUNYdMd3cSRNFY
A25994 TMMYX9nhAWgWANTV7idUM7qqNoyTATLFyvc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMYX9nhAWgWANTV7idUM7qqNoyTATLFyvc
A25956 TMQ7bTcW3KKTvkFBRtKrxhfNYYGSsADvqxN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQ7bTcW3KKTvkFBRtKrxhfNYYGSsADvqxN
A257583 TMa5aPbej8nsCV9ZWFbgBgjyTSnihHuNzRg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa5aPbej8nsCV9ZWFbgBgjyTSnihHuNzRg
A259546 TMN2kVwW1MCNFdSEqm3fWGNLwGh2KscstoE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMN2kVwW1MCNFdSEqm3fWGNLwGh2KscstoE
A25995 TMKJ6UMAL9MZkxvSDfEE85ufV1RQDRr4ULV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKJ6UMAL9MZkxvSDfEE85ufV1RQDRr4ULV
A271939 TMXHKPAVpQ3mDC53uaRmEnBeibkqYNDWHSq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXHKPAVpQ3mDC53uaRmEnBeibkqYNDWHSq
A272263 TMJqocrwJwjq6v15ieBAodGFh2r4rSNvuQ3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJqocrwJwjq6v15ieBAodGFh2r4rSNvuQ3
A26543 TMSFxKJHfFVwdbJXboD5Y7mDcvdLxaLo5ff
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSFxKJHfFVwdbJXboD5Y7mDcvdLxaLo5ff
A277168 TMUdPcfBFYbiRTKmdD2cUqVjGweu5PcFMiN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUdPcfBFYbiRTKmdD2cUqVjGweu5PcFMiN
A2674 TMTSNzdnsGJtYGcQQL8XKXJzvWrjYw85jko
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTSNzdnsGJtYGcQQL8XKXJzvWrjYw85jko
A2671 TMM2UGPvcTfA81fxshEFbubsD1rMte2skyj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMM2UGPvcTfA81fxshEFbubsD1rMte2skyj
A262787 TMFr8x4vyT9nYMu1pGj1xGGp6mXfbg96JYc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFr8x4vyT9nYMu1pGj1xGGp6mXfbg96JYc
A267797 TMEtqLdTWM8nMzmeP2r35n7V9nCV6hUuWif
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEtqLdTWM8nMzmeP2r35n7V9nCV6hUuWif
A276 TMZAHhf8FWJVFp21MwAYsvAZRUxAqtCyNtW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZAHhf8FWJVFp21MwAYsvAZRUxAqtCyNtW
A276509 TMHjYyUmS1vgLrncCesvkg4V2QBgQkqvfbL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHjYyUmS1vgLrncCesvkg4V2QBgQkqvfbL
A2700 TMZXVvfQoHA1MYkpqcTUGXKqjEhub5PanHG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZXVvfQoHA1MYkpqcTUGXKqjEhub5PanHG
A269025 TMRtuDasyWKh1ryqo6ukusFm5uYGz6nnEy3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRtuDasyWKh1ryqo6ukusFm5uYGz6nnEy3
A26324 TMdpVS5GiaioR9vXPgPT1a8y5hQqeA5wo6x
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdpVS5GiaioR9vXPgPT1a8y5hQqeA5wo6x
A268730 TMc7EAhGq4jJKu2zLFVPRHVygqYhEGFb6GN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMc7EAhGq4jJKu2zLFVPRHVygqYhEGFb6GN
A268839 TMcGrNB1trT3hQMCcx2bJC7Ssi7HVbQf5tP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcGrNB1trT3hQMCcx2bJC7Ssi7HVbQf5tP
A2690 TMVrsKeysEk8ci18Sb49MJUhmsuxyHkKd2s
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVrsKeysEk8ci18Sb49MJUhmsuxyHkKd2s
A2697 TMLrTAzKDWSsUz63Rnfkh259iqFVAPzSmEA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLrTAzKDWSsUz63Rnfkh259iqFVAPzSmEA
A277355 TMaph1wq9HhqcxoVfEAfrCEJj1YPoxxo8oN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaph1wq9HhqcxoVfEAfrCEJj1YPoxxo8oN
A26727 TMKksjvy5u3eGju1Z6y3s9K4Rv6vxcoxGFT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKksjvy5u3eGju1Z6y3s9K4Rv6vxcoxGFT
A274755 TMRuek3y6Z9WxdkAVdJgVNRf7fLnTjVSSw5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRuek3y6Z9WxdkAVdJgVNRf7fLnTjVSSw5
A27992 TMbfrWxGnuFA3cHyBBZ25SGW9Xk1JspWfqT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbfrWxGnuFA3cHyBBZ25SGW9Xk1JspWfqT
A28009 TMNPKzKGMv9hC65pi6Awu6UyXEQnNdSQYzx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNPKzKGMv9hC65pi6Awu6UyXEQnNdSQYzx
A27964 TMRkPkWn8MwJ5gGBdDqivBTDcWDSeLQv7Y1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRkPkWn8MwJ5gGBdDqivBTDcWDSeLQv7Y1
A277491 TMGa8ZjFEWSTuemfxEpxikCY2Uo7eAy9rtn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGa8ZjFEWSTuemfxEpxikCY2Uo7eAy9rtn
A28025 TMF7ioHhicquF4s4HXCQHNXFKanuYT61W4a
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF7ioHhicquF4s4HXCQHNXFKanuYT61W4a
A28012 TMTFrPPwgTm7QJ4wbJQeUAnUVK6e8ttkJop
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTFrPPwgTm7QJ4wbJQeUAnUVK6e8ttkJop
A28019 TMa1YRoBMxb4iHStgshpP2k3SZsvX8qLXBj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMa1YRoBMxb4iHStgshpP2k3SZsvX8qLXBj
A28022 TMUnsNPaspxKd3j72eLVirqMoZ3C7SyJVDH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUnsNPaspxKd3j72eLVirqMoZ3C7SyJVDH
A28018 TMMcUfUyk3PypbbiZku29qYCQUkMWiuVd4z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMcUfUyk3PypbbiZku29qYCQUkMWiuVd4z
A28006 TMV4ovbuhGVBo2USuqCzZRwGHKe8G3CAWg9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMV4ovbuhGVBo2USuqCzZRwGHKe8G3CAWg9
A28020 TMZtoeZwX5VS8AfPUCy4pTKhQD73K1efdCg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZtoeZwX5VS8AfPUCy4pTKhQD73K1efdCg
A27990 TMVraGEBFsZ16VKMXzTGbVp34WVYF4iQvgq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVraGEBFsZ16VKMXzTGbVp34WVYF4iQvgq
A28024 TMTQvtNwDBBj2uTXds52nDQVgGiv9YKiRTQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTQvtNwDBBj2uTXds52nDQVgGiv9YKiRTQ
A27942 TMKopZ3h78KBxBXcEK6gCfdTZQDdL4nCAWG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKopZ3h78KBxBXcEK6gCfdTZQDdL4nCAWG
A27871 TMFrYyKc8Q6aWsv9thDhBqkVYMsC61a3bJw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFrYyKc8Q6aWsv9thDhBqkVYMsC61a3bJw
A280211 TMc2NuTtPuvcZbPdzQr7yw1LLp8TTYUHJk6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMc2NuTtPuvcZbPdzQr7yw1LLp8TTYUHJk6
A28003 TMFWJBoznnSPHzK1Zeqw1kS3L4LSQnAmGWB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFWJBoznnSPHzK1Zeqw1kS3L4LSQnAmGWB
A28027 TMFQpNahD6BTBJjpzGvmQhUGvgP17RpBeKZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFQpNahD6BTBJjpzGvmQhUGvgP17RpBeKZ
A27982 TMPcBGQLyWR3fXQNj4FrUSo96Qe27v6GZE5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPcBGQLyWR3fXQNj4FrUSo96Qe27v6GZE5
A277748 TMVtr4VYifwCaccdX6nvdwidRdSrua8MC5t
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVtr4VYifwCaccdX6nvdwidRdSrua8MC5t
A28106 TMNB12hMc5fSuFNHHN3HGdqbPpbhCKPc5Bg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNB12hMc5fSuFNHHN3HGdqbPpbhCKPc5Bg
A28120 TMXaysnRmQFrMDaYZXKZkMtmkR6NykVgrrv
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXaysnRmQFrMDaYZXKZkMtmkR6NykVgrrv
A28118 TMTp98oKgBm4baTeLQBkRSvq4EZewfFRR4F
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTp98oKgBm4baTeLQBkRSvq4EZewfFRR4F
A28030 TMcHhEuxwUak1SnftQictw9vAWyG6dxuGXG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcHhEuxwUak1SnftQictw9vAWyG6dxuGXG
A28112 TMUgCgR7XBo3NDjVUp4APEM18BxWMduSFfx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUgCgR7XBo3NDjVUp4APEM18BxWMduSFfx
A28122 TMQPFAE46Ay4xpHgpJpdyFJopWtiu4QiXoJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQPFAE46Ay4xpHgpJpdyFJopWtiu4QiXoJ
A28115 TMRAKQm64Fz94LwAMPbfg331SskqiQBHLdw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRAKQm64Fz94LwAMPbfg331SskqiQBHLdw
A28139 TMRDGmbyNLQxv5mi5uTj3KWe3H9hP7Dyc4X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRDGmbyNLQxv5mi5uTj3KWe3H9hP7Dyc4X
A28057 TMPTdVMVfdRFgRRWaiXu7xSqUYNzB6ZC5na
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPTdVMVfdRFgRRWaiXu7xSqUYNzB6ZC5na
A28130 TMTn1MBRXwEobC9nzCNhe8T8pNTKvdmRtJ9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTn1MBRXwEobC9nzCNhe8T8pNTKvdmRtJ9
A28036 TMPHRcXk5nsC3J8kFGDduEqzXNgPtjxWDf9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPHRcXk5nsC3J8kFGDduEqzXNgPtjxWDf9
A28141 TMdJY2x1A5YrncknWV2ghQyxwTNs1AbuVVt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdJY2x1A5YrncknWV2ghQyxwTNs1AbuVVt
A28081 TMMf6H5iuPFfgB7w9g4uuJMTKHpscV7tgwe
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMf6H5iuPFfgB7w9g4uuJMTKHpscV7tgwe
A28071 TMLVfsH9kcQfCwpjCmt7eSvfHz2jLaoCPcm
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLVfsH9kcQfCwpjCmt7eSvfHz2jLaoCPcm
A28065 TMQjKcqNrmDmXoCQwAkMr6dNTeLT5qRxL5R
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQjKcqNrmDmXoCQwAkMr6dNTeLT5qRxL5R
A28117 TMXho4RgRQuXmv2uzJtAE21CWxMQ1m3FWnn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXho4RgRQuXmv2uzJtAE21CWxMQ1m3FWnn
A28061 TMRtbbLstFXFNVFsbPetG7CfG3VYkj2rXF2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRtbbLstFXFNVFsbPetG7CfG3VYkj2rXF2
A28144 TMHp6faSL57eeg174C5FerXwveYVaf29dh6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHp6faSL57eeg174C5FerXwveYVaf29dh6
A28035 TMPSQHSxUwAmVN7NZtQRrPbuxB85TunCTpw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPSQHSxUwAmVN7NZtQRrPbuxB85TunCTpw
A28080 TMRDz2HHvRGC2ngGeaiuFFsvcBfH6RFi6J7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRDz2HHvRGC2ngGeaiuFFsvcBfH6RFi6J7
A287335 TMU8i9sdqxbyunwMFxqfFWwkvuWfRHqw18h
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMU8i9sdqxbyunwMFxqfFWwkvuWfRHqw18h
A28403 TMEtSnVRXt3dUqb1D8k5tTUy78yA8ojMb1a
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEtSnVRXt3dUqb1D8k5tTUy78yA8ojMb1a
A28192 TMMjmQXRNo8W5YXLiVuAkyaHQGzqp4V2tgU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMjmQXRNo8W5YXLiVuAkyaHQGzqp4V2tgU
A28175 TMUQuMhSG7UqAtPbBphuBG1rXyaBUABPYSB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUQuMhSG7UqAtPbBphuBG1rXyaBUABPYSB
A28169 TMEpG7qJmAs63WL78TWsbp93dSU852Z2fcb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEpG7qJmAs63WL78TWsbp93dSU852Z2fcb
A28224 TMSXuswqByBej9QaEXWdyY524Bu8vcAgZLL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSXuswqByBej9QaEXWdyY524Bu8vcAgZLL
A28218 TMXTv1gpx4ZYxFCthHdDH5ii3AeHD4iPSbc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXTv1gpx4ZYxFCthHdDH5ii3AeHD4iPSbc
A28178 TMdozxuGMQJE1DfSwjhLigTyP1PnsM2iiUi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdozxuGMQJE1DfSwjhLigTyP1PnsM2iiUi
A28209 TMaVKegor6KALd3DYd8mUQFV9GaZh1G9EXP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaVKegor6KALd3DYd8mUQFV9GaZh1G9EXP
A282901 TMY495E52ceuBMKGDb8YZuhEKcYBpR9no2q
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY495E52ceuBMKGDb8YZuhEKcYBpR9no2q
A289255 TMV48yHxm5XgiUudsTixJNVZSyz3GGKNRex
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMV48yHxm5XgiUudsTixJNVZSyz3GGKNRex
A28147 TMTK8rDd71Fe53pDNEYmeqqM4ALp5t5k52z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTK8rDd71Fe53pDNEYmeqqM4ALp5t5k52z
A286286 TMRbxgtJq8Qxo1niJ4mNY3AMQCJCRRaShaX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRbxgtJq8Qxo1niJ4mNY3AMQCJCRRaShaX
A28221 TMGHQ3K4NkUxL5V5jWNHLrNPZx1tbKRzg2J
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGHQ3K4NkUxL5V5jWNHLrNPZx1tbKRzg2J
A28201 TMccSTifTsqNuym51ZQS7sAQxMRV3qKESdF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMccSTifTsqNuym51ZQS7sAQxMRV3qKESdF
A28155 TMLgeytfTU4kWdQzAqTdoHWLe3EoK1CDiMo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLgeytfTU4kWdQzAqTdoHWLe3EoK1CDiMo
A288516 TMSHat6RxyzYGuWdJyQB9HVn7CNnd2yMAsV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSHat6RxyzYGuWdJyQB9HVn7CNnd2yMAsV
A284434 TMGhh7aaQaWFD3BDCfEUN3FDQDDmrEgXV91
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGhh7aaQaWFD3BDCfEUN3FDQDDmrEgXV91
A28204 TMTywSiVm7mdRPHw4VPqqutYmN9o1py8H1n
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTywSiVm7mdRPHw4VPqqutYmN9o1py8H1n
A2866 TMdLtbtURdhdzS9DGGB2EbcARx8YwaXd6J9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdLtbtURdhdzS9DGGB2EbcARx8YwaXd6J9
A2999 TMKG2FfPAtRTGYcKTBwHojy6esRiZbtyZue
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKG2FfPAtRTGYcKTBwHojy6esRiZbtyZue
A298677 TMUaLG8gn2zzmpLvTaQJe9Tt4mzbpYNHhCH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUaLG8gn2zzmpLvTaQJe9Tt4mzbpYNHhCH
A289948 TMYQX1VkhurEmePRQzxrbCV6x9xwZivpsv6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYQX1VkhurEmePRQzxrbCV6x9xwZivpsv6
A291264 TMH5ewpJDGJwHgd94DngQgcgP3ueBxtqZjp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMH5ewpJDGJwHgd94DngQgcgP3ueBxtqZjp
A302999 TMJeCNhP6CgCWrg4yMnpVxWvuzjuogucy99
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJeCNhP6CgCWrg4yMnpVxWvuzjuogucy99
A291946 TMVSXPVuGmm2Y3e8jEcyGwPgMQyMRYH4fMo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVSXPVuGmm2Y3e8jEcyGwPgMQyMRYH4fMo
A291484 TMUEx9EzLeXjj3Pb7EWt65nqbh97gVpC885
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUEx9EzLeXjj3Pb7EWt65nqbh97gVpC885
A3013 TMYwjY1fcAMh5LKEM5f8ZKWjM3cxrfXtqH2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYwjY1fcAMh5LKEM5f8ZKWjM3cxrfXtqH2
A304832 TMLDPofWcGgNgbf5D8CBWb26uTJpZdv633D
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLDPofWcGgNgbf5D8CBWb26uTJpZdv633D
A29767 TMP7A35d2eSLEWinh9vJsjFaPm7pwTXvNG4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP7A35d2eSLEWinh9vJsjFaPm7pwTXvNG4
A306472 TMLmDjB2rbuxyV4nCWPJhFy6Wv8Cp1eynRk
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLmDjB2rbuxyV4nCWPJhFy6Wv8Cp1eynRk
A304827 TMT2FvDPoN3XLzdtQQ49s2WkdkkD6Ezwbti
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT2FvDPoN3XLzdtQQ49s2WkdkkD6Ezwbti
A303609 TMLRYT5N7oxiBEQgbnqX6hNzotVvLLsrY5U
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLRYT5N7oxiBEQgbnqX6hNzotVvLLsrY5U
A302 TMT9Vi8b2MoviP1XXQk3y6fj9ZSddic2WNA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT9Vi8b2MoviP1XXQk3y6fj9ZSddic2WNA
A289945 TMVcfR1MHnErhEEqiEh5ECm4azo5gPYiZui
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVcfR1MHnErhEEqiEh5ECm4azo5gPYiZui
A29697 TMaSEKd3ZcyUh6siefR1qZTH58H6MgqrGN6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaSEKd3ZcyUh6siefR1qZTH58H6MgqrGN6
A292542 TMNPXAGakEJrU8uihmaPUtcXvqaizfHKLCC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNPXAGakEJrU8uihmaPUtcXvqaizfHKLCC
A305067 TMMzWJbWrvm8LPtHYfBuRmJfofazt4ep11H
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMzWJbWrvm8LPtHYfBuRmJfofazt4ep11H
A294318 TMS8q9D2Y3o4mE6QBpP2i1zqDpMwsR9yas7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMS8q9D2Y3o4mE6QBpP2i1zqDpMwsR9yas7
A302612 TMXdsciUKhd1t2o5TuUuSvmZV2RzS2pwk6i
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXdsciUKhd1t2o5TuUuSvmZV2RzS2pwk6i
A332186 TML1wYhCjKerpeQYaxjttMmoaJuxE51ciy1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML1wYhCjKerpeQYaxjttMmoaJuxE51ciy1
A330135 TMM4w39yYzgjLJ7WijhjNFRJejaFhn5fEDk
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMM4w39yYzgjLJ7WijhjNFRJejaFhn5fEDk
A306948 TMHHYPxPBVDjqeVfX3ufVYoopqAf4QMMkdV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHHYPxPBVDjqeVfX3ufVYoopqAf4QMMkdV
A333385 TMRDXkg8EjyCSPFr8GTPQq8HG7VYoAhGNxC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRDXkg8EjyCSPFr8GTPQq8HG7VYoAhGNxC
A3266 TMcRepVAn8YevD8v6tTZxHeCqceswum3zNi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcRepVAn8YevD8v6tTZxHeCqceswum3zNi
A307172 TMU9YwXjd7bxxRtDcgErZbCiSszad8EzEHv
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMU9YwXjd7bxxRtDcgErZbCiSszad8EzEHv
A3222 TMTzpaHxaQ2m1hw69pKryfHL2f3jE9WzVvh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTzpaHxaQ2m1hw69pKryfHL2f3jE9WzVvh
A307169 TMKDJugC3sTABPoRv337TbMrh38iZdMhLYP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKDJugC3sTABPoRv337TbMrh38iZdMhLYP
A327926 TMGayHRMWXZgoS3ke2Sp6kRb33s7S5kNEsd
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGayHRMWXZgoS3ke2Sp6kRb33s7S5kNEsd
A320468 TMKncrR71xURHJMF5UbDuf9LVrvAqwMu1eU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKncrR71xURHJMF5UbDuf9LVrvAqwMu1eU
A334991 TMXJwDVroVuubsRoidZnaC8xfgxNJ1KX5H7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXJwDVroVuubsRoidZnaC8xfgxNJ1KX5H7
A307168 TMUjmWXGw4tzpQANQ7S7oSVEGEmFaZRDrXD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUjmWXGw4tzpQANQ7S7oSVEGEmFaZRDrXD
A332185 TMUbw3eUEmnLm1mVFQJRsgq7YWkeLqv9nBT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUbw3eUEmnLm1mVFQJRsgq7YWkeLqv9nBT
A332136 TMQqNeMtrV8Q696d9PCRrUS4BNn5tuVpqTf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQqNeMtrV8Q696d9PCRrUS4BNn5tuVpqTf
A324265 TMNtnpkKhgE1ZcPSFiKXU4e2SnvmGUw4xrN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNtnpkKhgE1ZcPSFiKXU4e2SnvmGUw4xrN
A325958 TMFo1TRMnDWKchX6cwkMBTkZkFki7PfSkHW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFo1TRMnDWKchX6cwkMBTkZkFki7PfSkHW
A3261 TMHKcJEwHPAFn2sAhS3SiKkjKhaFsSDNTMw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHKcJEwHPAFn2sAhS3SiKkjKhaFsSDNTMw
A321003 TMK5UfLDQgWGFmJpRCfuhBZ7Po7yoAvLRYK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK5UfLDQgWGFmJpRCfuhBZ7Po7yoAvLRYK
A332115 TMdFE74gWi9casNXJcBUtJ92dSs3dXdpbTX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdFE74gWi9casNXJcBUtJ92dSs3dXdpbTX
A324269 TMTUo8X133xPrAyf6jfBKrG4n1JBmSa8dye
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTUo8X133xPrAyf6jfBKrG4n1JBmSa8dye
A34000 TMSe5j3hpPd9mEkxhc2znPStCErDHZnUBfR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSe5j3hpPd9mEkxhc2znPStCErDHZnUBfR
A350008 TMPDhNiqpUfoAeKqtAbeQUhQ9vDASgSz8kw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPDhNiqpUfoAeKqtAbeQUhQ9vDASgSz8kw
A344114 TMYapRDp9o3BAV2YwKbAGo5BDtzpF8rxopE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYapRDp9o3BAV2YwKbAGo5BDtzpF8rxopE
A34177 TMP68Ddg84Y352BCMJ17KobukS5yjdvTSb1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP68Ddg84Y352BCMJ17KobukS5yjdvTSb1
A34911 TMQbfj12FNbgQXp9643wqBo2tPQnMrYfVSg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQbfj12FNbgQXp9643wqBo2tPQnMrYfVSg
A34975 TMWZEzbnfUxQp5UTTm8TWQ2nVenvjYDaw8X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWZEzbnfUxQp5UTTm8TWQ2nVenvjYDaw8X
A346896 TMULpzWw4G9dAH7zwcg3D2o63vxwph6tyZs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMULpzWw4G9dAH7zwcg3D2o63vxwph6tyZs
A339610 TMLLBxNQDRmKtLaJNqb7Gxst1hkMYY9kasq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLLBxNQDRmKtLaJNqb7Gxst1hkMYY9kasq
A34910 TMUj89TeRy5iJr8r54DUVPNcA53aWGHgv4g
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUj89TeRy5iJr8r54DUVPNcA53aWGHgv4g
A344260 TMQzRjrT4mqiH1dXGLfazhfyQcmvbv9Wbrj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQzRjrT4mqiH1dXGLfazhfyQcmvbv9Wbrj
A337 TMYaEXEiLddu71r1d2ecBn4jHjnRtPEsrmn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYaEXEiLddu71r1d2ecBn4jHjnRtPEsrmn
A34001 TMVP2NLWabEAo3byVdTWRJGAAgts5q9AVR2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVP2NLWabEAo3byVdTWRJGAAgts5q9AVR2
A34976 TMTV7Qs6iu2SyfpnbgM68i1EYTbjD7XrdAJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTV7Qs6iu2SyfpnbgM68i1EYTbjD7XrdAJ
A34940 TMXB3Wv9NK1Vvz4DPsaNVEoJtG5EDJCW55h
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXB3Wv9NK1Vvz4DPsaNVEoJtG5EDJCW55h
A348332 TMV5gPatkXnV6xSkJ4rDMY458siRjQotH4Z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMV5gPatkXnV6xSkJ4rDMY458siRjQotH4Z
A343539 TMNikAvQgbeZXidN1XvEiw4VDtTzh92oFWd
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNikAvQgbeZXidN1XvEiw4VDtTzh92oFWd
A347478 TMYfQJ2DpPCb7CDjfuYFgsfwTCv64c8jSyF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYfQJ2DpPCb7CDjfuYFgsfwTCv64c8jSyF
A34325 TMLCL5JyYuJuzPskd5BxsMrrBafpYL83onF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLCL5JyYuJuzPskd5BxsMrrBafpYL83onF
A33595 TMJ3eWVcWNX2mjSmE2tg7hHUDKQjRXAFntR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ3eWVcWNX2mjSmE2tg7hHUDKQjRXAFntR
A34673 TMSJN1wfxfQKhZkimoi2npwEabgEPkb8LGg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSJN1wfxfQKhZkimoi2npwEabgEPkb8LGg
A35018 TMaWS86pZrMnQiPuk34Tjes6Q98XhSJ6rth
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaWS86pZrMnQiPuk34Tjes6Q98XhSJ6rth
A3775 TMXakpxkDF43tTXYspV9zUaNPNz56D7XtWW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXakpxkDF43tTXYspV9zUaNPNz56D7XtWW
A407 TMMRCYr2Zpa2sCRpmKB8gLKMAYNpWsRDoe8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMRCYr2Zpa2sCRpmKB8gLKMAYNpWsRDoe8
A35265 TMKmaHBWTD8P5yJTM2RfxajGgRqCeUkJaBH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKmaHBWTD8P5yJTM2RfxajGgRqCeUkJaBH
A352 TMXajyyLheLKe2NaM9N4SLN3vLXpY4oKzoJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXajyyLheLKe2NaM9N4SLN3vLXpY4oKzoJ
A36291 TMF9mHQCyvfMmQZ3HETHD88jLgtMBGFuoHk
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF9mHQCyvfMmQZ3HETHD88jLgtMBGFuoHk
A41481 TMVyvXPjMrHJcyKKQyyHPJqCYKbpSFattTN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVyvXPjMrHJcyKKQyyHPJqCYKbpSFattTN
A3956 TMHeepNvqUXQ75jKLwF3HSFR62KNtjWY6nZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHeepNvqUXQ75jKLwF3HSFR62KNtjWY6nZ
A35021 TMdNTcGTsuHWw9KVxDefvZ58nyu7YWVihTx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdNTcGTsuHWw9KVxDefvZ58nyu7YWVihTx
A35013 TMcNCojYB5aLum6cQFeRGP7rBovh3rsZZs7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcNCojYB5aLum6cQFeRGP7rBovh3rsZZs7
A41840 TMHv3QA66oXWWQaRugiwdNBxSA2YfT8TGny
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHv3QA66oXWWQaRugiwdNBxSA2YfT8TGny
A35017 TMT1usJ5mvH17WXMyFF18XEW35ZzJZMruxU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMT1usJ5mvH17WXMyFF18XEW35ZzJZMruxU
A399 TMbYsVuA6YBPV4vpT5kfBFH4mc6SjZCaP4J
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbYsVuA6YBPV4vpT5kfBFH4mc6SjZCaP4J
A4041 TMGpgHM56UAG5oVQf7hUdypqKLJbDWfivSP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGpgHM56UAG5oVQf7hUdypqKLJbDWfivSP
A350384 TMS8fXtQuzeLr8n3Wj8mbnqDLr2iD7YSifa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMS8fXtQuzeLr8n3Wj8mbnqDLr2iD7YSifa
A3556 TMJ1trmMRtiNQTNH7MGtNHiuWQctMTNA7fg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ1trmMRtiNQTNH7MGtNHiuWQctMTNA7fg
A38057 TMQFCKr81EVCb4KYmonT7MxjiVxZz19tJNF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQFCKr81EVCb4KYmonT7MxjiVxZz19tJNF
A36800 TMGCd5d1BvjArgVZPSnkQQxq6XmZRhdACiz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGCd5d1BvjArgVZPSnkQQxq6XmZRhdACiz
A36363 TMaHte1MgmTFpmgDpzHFg1mqMpUrPL7fdVa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaHte1MgmTFpmgDpzHFg1mqMpUrPL7fdVa
A4171 TMSRUHvwNLD22iaRWVz5ny1PbH58Y1mYb8o
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSRUHvwNLD22iaRWVz5ny1PbH58Y1mYb8o
A42625 TMJ8sia2Girz7KbRZzQm9WkmzSQthm7mAtA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ8sia2Girz7KbRZzQm9WkmzSQthm7mAtA
A45925 TMYJy3KXWnjCVcsaf2TVU3DBXU2uZbd97ui
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYJy3KXWnjCVcsaf2TVU3DBXU2uZbd97ui
A42 TMYuU4rQV6cUJr2GVZKzqkrTsPqjpZwT3zZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYuU4rQV6cUJr2GVZKzqkrTsPqjpZwT3zZ
A45756 TMFeX6hx6T1XLSNao5racgSgMABFHDfzW88
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFeX6hx6T1XLSNao5racgSgMABFHDfzW88
A49667 TMQw3wyGmyTiKLyAZaUcEuoikYs8aqFZqoz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQw3wyGmyTiKLyAZaUcEuoikYs8aqFZqoz
A431 TMQa4tPD71qvbyRdSvBtkQN2LwW3LAWEW3N
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQa4tPD71qvbyRdSvBtkQN2LwW3LAWEW3N
A49398 TMM8Jsv18AMq9ahgEso3LCPA9YYABn8QutN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMM8Jsv18AMq9ahgEso3LCPA9YYABn8QutN
A42861 TMEvdRTx8dXAVWEszja4Q9NnsVnHinE6fpn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEvdRTx8dXAVWEszja4Q9NnsVnHinE6fpn
A45889 TMYfcLBoUdn6MvC2vkkTQUScxS4owBTC9g9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYfcLBoUdn6MvC2vkkTQUScxS4owBTC9g9
A48495 TMTeQDMLsMC3dDE7h2DHRxVgSizi8MFsDcx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTeQDMLsMC3dDE7h2DHRxVgSizi8MFsDcx
A457 TMPEUp8PXqzTWpXNwvAJmq2AkYVVyJDDxrZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPEUp8PXqzTWpXNwvAJmq2AkYVVyJDDxrZ
A42300 TMTYCG2dmgpCWjAEkUxr3GwnKPeHGVt6Pwz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTYCG2dmgpCWjAEkUxr3GwnKPeHGVt6Pwz
A49389 TMHGFf9djHhkWEEgH6RNDJ24QjDJ8eU6KAN
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHGFf9djHhkWEEgH6RNDJ24QjDJ8eU6KAN
A4400 TMJSaGZaPms25ucuvtREAoE9WhG7HrsXgsD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJSaGZaPms25ucuvtREAoE9WhG7HrsXgsD
A46674 TMF9symp9Yt1A7fuPHMxhiJMb6bcncs9DWX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMF9symp9Yt1A7fuPHMxhiJMb6bcncs9DWX
A420 TMHjvwkyjpUMkJfr5eThsCCPAu4LPnEbgdT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHjvwkyjpUMkJfr5eThsCCPAu4LPnEbgdT
A42513 TMNtKjfE8qSMKr6Y1BwcDCoMCLG1xErf3cJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNtKjfE8qSMKr6Y1BwcDCoMCLG1xErf3cJ
A4799 TMXVWNixmDcvTjs3R6zMboFhSoWVYjKQY3o
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXVWNixmDcvTjs3R6zMboFhSoWVYjKQY3o
A43699 TMJeCnbE77D54aYmGWnwNo5ohsNhrknrJH6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJeCnbE77D54aYmGWnwNo5ohsNhrknrJH6
A4736 TMcUQkUPok9ztrzba1GwyYnu95pfyRsmx9m
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcUQkUPok9ztrzba1GwyYnu95pfyRsmx9m
A53464 TMdT4RdEiVsAeg3pGA4ohdeyu8UEncD5gaz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdT4RdEiVsAeg3pGA4ohdeyu8UEncD5gaz
A5060 TMLLzwxJacWLZFmxCL3oNcev8jCoRAcH3Kj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLLzwxJacWLZFmxCL3oNcev8jCoRAcH3Kj
A52832 TMdxuuz73N1G5H2ZTk12EJAxSYCZYBn9NdR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdxuuz73N1G5H2ZTk12EJAxSYCZYBn9NdR
A52584 TMXEQzccgdWz8bvEjLaKx483sNhGazXGc9b
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXEQzccgdWz8bvEjLaKx483sNhGazXGc9b
A49670 TMZ6LvRSMgTLX6YsubSnQJDrjAVRxBbtYGC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ6LvRSMgTLX6YsubSnQJDrjAVRxBbtYGC
A52482 TMN45hMar7KgxMCU6dV8PSLkaa86Yaqn52Z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMN45hMar7KgxMCU6dV8PSLkaa86Yaqn52Z
A53422 TMc1e2LMifLhzxjFBbtyb6KNAu93cQRSpPp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMc1e2LMifLhzxjFBbtyb6KNAu93cQRSpPp
A49678 TMd8nxdVZ7PAgNKZZPbSLBXJEkuZ7jFWtV4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMd8nxdVZ7PAgNKZZPbSLBXJEkuZ7jFWtV4
A52606 TMUEgdUm1c666dXwv9PjQzV8LtX5Qc5RHnP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUEgdUm1c666dXwv9PjQzV8LtX5Qc5RHnP
A52951 TMNCjgnfkhdRFMModZcafoLGX3MzYDgUhEX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNCjgnfkhdRFMModZcafoLGX3MzYDgUhEX
A5062 TMTBJbU6nsoPCXN9XXVmK3R8pmEfJsQ7NDq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTBJbU6nsoPCXN9XXVmK3R8pmEfJsQ7NDq
A52850 TMKCk1Sq7JYXPeTeEmKTJNLrBj6rkWuajo4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKCk1Sq7JYXPeTeEmKTJNLrBj6rkWuajo4
A533 TMP5MGp1YepWHgEL8r8YcB5fF54uj87iy5s
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP5MGp1YepWHgEL8r8YcB5fF54uj87iy5s
A52677 TMFzPDjyGJsiJwroUYe7rQmMZZQfSDgBmpS
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFzPDjyGJsiJwroUYe7rQmMZZQfSDgBmpS
A50621 TMRz6RkvvGotcSCuuY18zsAdnmBL19SyVdh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRz6RkvvGotcSCuuY18zsAdnmBL19SyVdh
A49668 TMQiPoxeYg5d7tFn4eYygv75quRt1wdS8QQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQiPoxeYg5d7tFn4eYygv75quRt1wdS8QQ
A52635 TMRzCiEXghesxfXKw3gEHbhtQYkMKYLJ3if
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRzCiEXghesxfXKw3gEHbhtQYkMKYLJ3if
A52661 TMNRBNjoFF1PCmJCbWtZQSuTZ1VUzi4WExY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNRBNjoFF1PCmJCbWtZQSuTZ1VUzi4WExY
A53220 TMYspLU8CZuYkPYNy6f98ikjd41TKdj89yr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYspLU8CZuYkPYNy6f98ikjd41TKdj89yr
A50915 TMV2SuxgRTEL7nkpDJgUTY7Pw2vCBr4ADT6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMV2SuxgRTEL7nkpDJgUTY7Pw2vCBr4ADT6
A59142 TMYuAoPhLHwZULLXZxr624YkWcKs7P6Eurg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYuAoPhLHwZULLXZxr624YkWcKs7P6Eurg
A5969 TMKda4Sst2Mw9NCeBA7ABTgeoQcUobHCAQW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKda4Sst2Mw9NCeBA7ABTgeoQcUobHCAQW
A554 TMc9VLCH9e1abDEsiCtS5pY3k5FQC3H9oBh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMc9VLCH9e1abDEsiCtS5pY3k5FQC3H9oBh
A58896 TML874bwVadKkqRcsfd4piNT7nqWe91BxE8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML874bwVadKkqRcsfd4piNT7nqWe91BxE8
A60365 TMLrDUNoCJmQgK4MSjk7P3dW6VHo1bbhetW
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLrDUNoCJmQgK4MSjk7P3dW6VHo1bbhetW
A5477 TMRvtZ7kyzcZPGQFYdcGmikFnXwgXCWFYUH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRvtZ7kyzcZPGQFYdcGmikFnXwgXCWFYUH
A5922 TMHBk8dMYB7WrWX43N1YhqumJNDS3YLXZV4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHBk8dMYB7WrWX43N1YhqumJNDS3YLXZV4
A59174 TMZtJgRYdddvcoXs84p4FJwxVZnQitgxvG3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZtJgRYdddvcoXs84p4FJwxVZnQitgxvG3
A53539 TMFno4tdEDbCS1hzsZTY9po29iL9bVwZYu5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFno4tdEDbCS1hzsZTY9po29iL9bVwZYu5
A5970 TMKyGsJW1JUgCu59jwVxTHv8EKrGSXAsThF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKyGsJW1JUgCu59jwVxTHv8EKrGSXAsThF
A59673 TMJHhc36nKCoJYU81PTvwvJBP534rTLvNLU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJHhc36nKCoJYU81PTvwvJBP534rTLvNLU
A5571 TMKmg78VG8AeLyz6anive2zkYNx2qVfBeGC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKmg78VG8AeLyz6anive2zkYNx2qVfBeGC
A54605 TMU8knpedK3e77bxgkM6UwoPdBgEtoy9Xvq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMU8knpedK3e77bxgkM6UwoPdBgEtoy9Xvq
A5968 TMWQCzKvPeoNHneVAoWMsd55XtCaak5FMsq
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWQCzKvPeoNHneVAoWMsd55XtCaak5FMsq
A54603 TMQSaNG2RvNpGdR6smNaVTtTUU2tkzKabgr
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQSaNG2RvNpGdR6smNaVTtTUU2tkzKabgr
A5443 TMJWuAjv5zzt4muLVkVZh9g1SxYUabwSm8v
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJWuAjv5zzt4muLVkVZh9g1SxYUabwSm8v
A58966 TMYQf9RraYbCnFSvf2CAsR8zvBMw1T2yNNb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYQf9RraYbCnFSvf2CAsR8zvBMw1T2yNNb
A55580 TMJopGVes4SwxyEnBBG4XDAZEjEw3dUQ9pt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJopGVes4SwxyEnBBG4XDAZEjEw3dUQ9pt
A5442 TMHsDqbwaGULmFdEw9QfhwNBZbhVQ2hwHox
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHsDqbwaGULmFdEw9QfhwNBZbhVQ2hwHox
A5921 TMdmSYnDerjiUgs4hrsTSv2TkYNeGhTLPzs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdmSYnDerjiUgs4hrsTSv2TkYNeGhTLPzs
A61787 TMMar6ZUwELFRiHZmLjPQtGyLrpUL9trav6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMar6ZUwELFRiHZmLjPQtGyLrpUL9trav6
A6231 TMLCw6TRJffvM2m1aaxmFjtXkUDyKWPboTe
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLCw6TRJffvM2m1aaxmFjtXkUDyKWPboTe
A6234 TMNtRyTuFYyKJUu5hADwv7cCxVm41BqNT4N
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNtRyTuFYyKJUu5hADwv7cCxVm41BqNT4N
A62119 TMVEB5z9LAP8viNkshjyY1u2kiXLtHqyZYf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVEB5z9LAP8viNkshjyY1u2kiXLtHqyZYf
A6125 TMKeFmCAuJqKGuHHf1K8mD2rU2VPxao3Rf8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKeFmCAuJqKGuHHf1K8mD2rU2VPxao3Rf8
A65140 TMd5seZEKU4J5ApxV396jcUd7WM7pk2bvcG
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMd5seZEKU4J5ApxV396jcUd7WM7pk2bvcG
A64749 TMZwv1FsnMMdmsrBGYbfsCq5rr99soYFAC7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZwv1FsnMMdmsrBGYbfsCq5rr99soYFAC7
A64752 TMZ8bUHPBEPdAz2Rne2FyEMfrGHdTL7Bdmc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ8bUHPBEPdAz2Rne2FyEMfrGHdTL7Bdmc
A6088 TMVPRB7zfeMZSnc24D6Y42Yj9LqMgmxYWki
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVPRB7zfeMZSnc24D6Y42Yj9LqMgmxYWki
A6483 TMZMjGBa76mF7wjrnPcLtatC7Lxr1RnCUTu
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZMjGBa76mF7wjrnPcLtatC7Lxr1RnCUTu
A61572 TMZ31yVBVcGz7PRLQ7Bw63aoz4w7gSSQW2E
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ31yVBVcGz7PRLQ7Bw63aoz4w7gSSQW2E
A60946 TMFxw1YdiLp3Mq31TKqQNDw3WSyccoPLuP1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFxw1YdiLp3Mq31TKqQNDw3WSyccoPLuP1
A61788 TMLV5qS7U6Ctz9kULHYjqXuR3mjqg8th4ZC
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLV5qS7U6Ctz9kULHYjqXuR3mjqg8th4ZC
A64671 TMXCAHLHowiYJv2CKGD7zoYY1b6vw7A5zYT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXCAHLHowiYJv2CKGD7zoYY1b6vw7A5zYT
A62395 TMWcF6XRuWM9yZHhjRQmqvhoL5ogFEJGaZs
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWcF6XRuWM9yZHhjRQmqvhoL5ogFEJGaZs
A61705 TMP9MoykWkKtTpy8wjmte5rN5TzKMTCJcRg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP9MoykWkKtTpy8wjmte5rN5TzKMTCJcRg
A6105 TMEi3FF5FJJd8BNkFULCyeh8rb1xUEWCphv
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEi3FF5FJJd8BNkFULCyeh8rb1xUEWCphv
A6523 TMVfcDPdjvqGxo1yDnno45D6XiGzKNMdKi9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVfcDPdjvqGxo1yDnno45D6XiGzKNMdKi9
A61062 TMcXtjn5EhbvgW8dqicwBapqeN47jheuAqi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcXtjn5EhbvgW8dqicwBapqeN47jheuAqi
A65142 TMVSArshdp18haNDXun4H3zsZuWpCQzWoL8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVSArshdp18haNDXun4H3zsZuWpCQzWoL8
A74516 TMbDqeBgaE39d9CYzSaKBWpPYR1GxDAcfdt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbDqeBgaE39d9CYzSaKBWpPYR1GxDAcfdt
A71952 TMUSeCinhxiyDxuVVoAWWPAcKwcG4bN3yA7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUSeCinhxiyDxuVVoAWWPAcKwcG4bN3yA7
A69015 TMS7h5VpLmQzdKUU4HLCyeSp2Xue7qy35fc
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMS7h5VpLmQzdKUU4HLCyeSp2Xue7qy35fc
A74543 TMXDi3b3uP7iyoGZJe4h4twigiqduCrRsew
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXDi3b3uP7iyoGZJe4h4twigiqduCrRsew
A74524 TMQrLMstPjAnH4veAXyXJ5qu212LRwVvwsb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQrLMstPjAnH4veAXyXJ5qu212LRwVvwsb
A74542 TMZ8nJxGxAm23iWMXEYdfJ9mCPeXWGJfDky
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZ8nJxGxAm23iWMXEYdfJ9mCPeXWGJfDky
A74556 TMTkmZoiEmHinEiU6Apn7XcHvw96YzY3YGV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTkmZoiEmHinEiU6Apn7XcHvw96YzY3YGV
A70969 TMUxpu2CF3Xfurxn7JXdmGZn9Le2jwBJgGb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUxpu2CF3Xfurxn7JXdmGZn9Le2jwBJgGb
A74546 TMMys1CEvuaLdpUn4EUkkuYxmHwyms3C5yt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMys1CEvuaLdpUn4EUkkuYxmHwyms3C5yt
A74503 TMQ6eDJrNnQgq95pf6DhQx7p6mx9ngRQF6U
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQ6eDJrNnQgq95pf6DhQx7p6mx9ngRQF6U
A6675 TMEi2VVQ55YqDqUuTh2aaYtLEw1tER2tniM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEi2VVQ55YqDqUuTh2aaYtLEw1tER2tniM
A73554 TMYb9fdJePE21w8ohmqhDMzPy9Qbq4QWy8F
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYb9fdJePE21w8ohmqhDMzPy9Qbq4QWy8F
A6625 TMbQ5C8QXXFoLEFWGtBus4qBcs7if6t4KNf
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbQ5C8QXXFoLEFWGtBus4qBcs7if6t4KNf
A74525 TMZgyGEY9XAJWwbqpsTBuqUwoy6EEVXvJmv
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZgyGEY9XAJWwbqpsTBuqUwoy6EEVXvJmv
A74533 TMbuoYsQSjAh3hjv8KAeBh7Ku4uvoDPfy4Z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbuoYsQSjAh3hjv8KAeBh7Ku4uvoDPfy4Z
A66237 TMSPe8heNzfNdaseSZapn6eB8UyPrc3E9TP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSPe8heNzfNdaseSZapn6eB8UyPrc3E9TP
A73588 TMLhiSBkJeWLHpQsvPCgnVvz5anGhdzwQLp
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLhiSBkJeWLHpQsvPCgnVvz5anGhdzwQLp
A74539 TMHeaw7PzmGNQVouPzHcAgAJMCDWgeQmr4M
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHeaw7PzmGNQVouPzHcAgAJMCDWgeQmr4M
A71539 TMMupMqcdUyHTSbs8Dwf1Pp59HTMTyxC4F5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMupMqcdUyHTSbs8Dwf1Pp59HTMTyxC4F5
A6646 TMJb99X4G3gdaswT5MjWtFgUGKMxfv7tjVw
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJb99X4G3gdaswT5MjWtFgUGKMxfv7tjVw
A7559 TMbsB6CjTGfA14gSK75SykBPw5PxmCp8RWZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbsB6CjTGfA14gSK75SykBPw5PxmCp8RWZ
A74618 TMVSkzG9r3XQH85mqKXkhP96JsCevfJNvm1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVSkzG9r3XQH85mqKXkhP96JsCevfJNvm1
A7487 TMcYQjhzNR5nzDMJQJVjprw9ajNrwssrkbT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcYQjhzNR5nzDMJQJVjprw9ajNrwssrkbT
A74557 TMPbbeWPh6ZTKDNGKjnoYUNfmgPsvPDL2sa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPbbeWPh6ZTKDNGKjnoYUNfmgPsvPDL2sa
A74567 TMJSYu5k4CPqmfWKJ1ZpRsL2sGSiFM62anP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJSYu5k4CPqmfWKJ1ZpRsL2sGSiFM62anP
A74614 TMRejBvX1rPZMsZ3tKsWgxKekXmCLCGJ9xL
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRejBvX1rPZMsZ3tKsWgxKekXmCLCGJ9xL
A74612 TMHBgGXPRSXdSaJSXSg74ZMChDzgyPvcn4g
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHBgGXPRSXdSaJSXSg74ZMChDzgyPvcn4g
A774 TMGW45S3bj8KkZXnyA4o6sfCXiKH6rPkVGj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGW45S3bj8KkZXnyA4o6sfCXiKH6rPkVGj
A7667 TMPfmX85mcR1diyv2H3Jm557Hj1wQHRheN1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPfmX85mcR1diyv2H3Jm557Hj1wQHRheN1
A74575 TMZWLXz99XSxsqqAgzFyahdeTnT1xNBJ8fB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZWLXz99XSxsqqAgzFyahdeTnT1xNBJ8fB
A77412 TMJXjPJTSjmMjJEHwZm1jBz1VFxUQrcZVzj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJXjPJTSjmMjJEHwZm1jBz1VFxUQrcZVzj
A74564 TMG2gU9Q6fhaUdvJa3JnsL4ofdmwXPRSeCv
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMG2gU9Q6fhaUdvJa3JnsL4ofdmwXPRSeCv
A79472 TMacgTcARoeAuGdHnVGTpUPt6Syi97Sa6st
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMacgTcARoeAuGdHnVGTpUPt6Syi97Sa6st
A7574 TMbEDcBhvVsqU3Jz3g3yjY6smtusrkXufss
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMbEDcBhvVsqU3Jz3g3yjY6smtusrkXufss
A7566 TMXhgBdGSWmZ2oBpoWWK8mRnn4e7XLNQwS3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXhgBdGSWmZ2oBpoWWK8mRnn4e7XLNQwS3
A79863 TMTyCzk2JNM2MB317uQJbJ35Br6Z9ucnAZt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTyCzk2JNM2MB317uQJbJ35Br6Z9ucnAZt
A74580 TMWKXBfcYq8VBrjzq9HTJhM4geZPzUVxFYo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWKXBfcYq8VBrjzq9HTJhM4geZPzUVxFYo
A7489 TMPh5sYBvU1NnAaN6PAFaV4hRp6LDfjCgzQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPh5sYBvU1NnAaN6PAFaV4hRp6LDfjCgzQ
A779 TMXaeTc3j4puvWiNKVtd6sXP11sKz8yws2c
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXaeTc3j4puvWiNKVtd6sXP11sKz8yws2c
A7611 TMQtpyqsCbFmXNMpAiNT3Xy4c16KAeo6h1j
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQtpyqsCbFmXNMpAiNT3Xy4c16KAeo6h1j
A83672 TMUyuWTZFzjzoepY3cby5xcrYdZjvysHQh5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUyuWTZFzjzoepY3cby5xcrYdZjvysHQh5
A81076 TMY7U9CKa4fPAyGd7YLhcsTqvq4S6uqRMjT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY7U9CKa4fPAyGd7YLhcsTqvq4S6uqRMjT
A81627 TMHu5rJABLpAw4epY71x9U2MTWHB88ejr8o
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHu5rJABLpAw4epY71x9U2MTWHB88ejr8o
A83297 TMTjMQACszrSmuPvgaowpZxYzDtdNe8MFYE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTjMQACszrSmuPvgaowpZxYzDtdNe8MFYE
A83812 TMYStzQaRu8oNxxsVLgPxMLmKVHi41VwXdT
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYStzQaRu8oNxxsVLgPxMLmKVHi41VwXdT
A82113 TMNiCa1dewK38K6Xbk6typC5JcrxGyrnPxX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNiCa1dewK38K6Xbk6typC5JcrxGyrnPxX
A81106 TMPxHSfRbvS4kGtVcRMLm62Bp2k9XBvgRWF
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPxHSfRbvS4kGtVcRMLm62Bp2k9XBvgRWF
A81656 TMMLJX4CkgDjvhqh8T59beMd5Ptnnt2Gpab
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMLJX4CkgDjvhqh8T59beMd5Ptnnt2Gpab
A83421 TMWZL9uUMsdwXSmM3zK5R4iydXUWUjSBUn6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMWZL9uUMsdwXSmM3zK5R4iydXUWUjSBUn6
A82032 TMYhD81eCsdo66LpBRn25fDxqHAW8tmmCs1
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYhD81eCsdo66LpBRn25fDxqHAW8tmmCs1
A84057 TMNEaeZ4cae3nXGzQuuHq5wf18YULdraPjY
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNEaeZ4cae3nXGzQuuHq5wf18YULdraPjY
A83043 TMLjnyVBRL7UJ8JNwFyuFTvP6Gfgm2SAHfV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLjnyVBRL7UJ8JNwFyuFTvP6Gfgm2SAHfV
A81127 TMQisogvEomVC5T3eeGj6j7ghJiMFew1ZFt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQisogvEomVC5T3eeGj6j7ghJiMFew1ZFt
A81045 TMMEXLRTJKnaoJweUE3RV5bUYANARPRY4cB
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMEXLRTJKnaoJweUE3RV5bUYANARPRY4cB
A8353 TMcQfzq8gsmnaZoPnWL391Qjpm9XWfovM6X
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMcQfzq8gsmnaZoPnWL391Qjpm9XWfovM6X
A81655 TMRFBQkDLtN3ftRbNxfqBodxPxEnqy6MCSP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRFBQkDLtN3ftRbNxfqBodxPxEnqy6MCSP
A84244 TMe1LymHMY9QoH384j1FtXbYnLStMP2Cvrt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMe1LymHMY9QoH384j1FtXbYnLStMP2Cvrt
A80250 TMQSCjsZzGwMmAFpU2sYPpLwovcsj5Wjmpn
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQSCjsZzGwMmAFpU2sYPpLwovcsj5Wjmpn
A82471 TMaDiqCQb53w3yHWmPKaGpFRb2E8nb7NUJ4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMaDiqCQb53w3yHWmPKaGpFRb2E8nb7NUJ4
A81065 TMFRV2C3QhfbcosZzqNv29yUpk8pmatnc2z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFRV2C3QhfbcosZzqNv29yUpk8pmatnc2z
A90313 TMJ87xVYabV9wd1upqkSw2uasuVTfaFHy1Z
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ87xVYabV9wd1upqkSw2uasuVTfaFHy1Z
A85353 TMVpGXqcDAFu1C6Dh8xgFQ8nZTif8DREwfj
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVpGXqcDAFu1C6Dh8xgFQ8nZTif8DREwfj
A8548 TMLeJQXpzDYxxs9v66qsP1u4wvHjwzD9jLM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLeJQXpzDYxxs9v66qsP1u4wvHjwzD9jLM
A85449 TMSyuZZSohkaJA9JvRimFFJVL1i7SPPNTMz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSyuZZSohkaJA9JvRimFFJVL1i7SPPNTMz
A86984 TMXHVXN7P7EQMjzrSAZh9J8UPmccZrmrcj7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXHVXN7P7EQMjzrSAZh9J8UPmccZrmrcj7
A8542 TMdj9pq86cMGjKmKMGovZwN8f8BDzzKw4Fi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdj9pq86cMGjKmKMGovZwN8f8BDzzKw4Fi
A87287 TMH9t1Ew3RfinQWsWNwFRYKFj3JFq8U4qE9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMH9t1Ew3RfinQWsWNwFRYKFj3JFq8U4qE9
A87547 TMS7pEWqVYnBU4TF6oxEKP7Fs8FtuazrwVJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMS7pEWqVYnBU4TF6oxEKP7Fs8FtuazrwVJ
A88229 TMGwGs9Y8aVJFKEzA81DhYvtaaxWZUzNf3b
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGwGs9Y8aVJFKEzA81DhYvtaaxWZUzNf3b
A8546 TMLQJRHnoXY3JKmgU5skTFwA5XTyaC6Jhs9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLQJRHnoXY3JKmgU5skTFwA5XTyaC6Jhs9
A8843 TMU9qN2A6qt5TiyB6BBcoYHPNj6pVdWEfp3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMU9qN2A6qt5TiyB6BBcoYHPNj6pVdWEfp3
A8543 TMSXX6GTCGaX6asepYPiZ2nAEHYxtmStLDx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSXX6GTCGaX6asepYPiZ2nAEHYxtmStLDx
A8845 TMY1iMVNCCrzhS9BtPtmC9bbgAvUZnRMLNy
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY1iMVNCCrzhS9BtPtmC9bbgAvUZnRMLNy
A89252 TMYZP3baYbjGyTEki8gHtJGa33fBQBMrovV
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMYZP3baYbjGyTEki8gHtJGa33fBQBMrovV
A8544 TML8CPPJoWnEXLVjVhBkHPVs3DxFEx4wzbd
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML8CPPJoWnEXLVjVhBkHPVs3DxFEx4wzbd
A86948 TMKiMPADQYAePSRUuijWsySM9a9Q19iikwK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKiMPADQYAePSRUuijWsySM9a9Q19iikwK
A90306 TMNCSXXASaPFVVtkZsv4o7tRKSgLkSk4tBv
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNCSXXASaPFVVtkZsv4o7tRKSgLkSk4tBv
A88920 TMZKuyPALkVqF6Q6CFiRz6einJTY3sAQuhR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZKuyPALkVqF6Q6CFiRz6einJTY3sAQuhR
A86942 TMJnLisiNqR4yvXu1N7if4UwxcsqofppZU7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJnLisiNqR4yvXu1N7if4UwxcsqofppZU7
A8545 TMPL2ocfgGvLE1Z7BCkn2yCWBJdbeHJKUV3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPL2ocfgGvLE1Z7BCkn2yCWBJdbeHJKUV3
A9120 TMQwKFmBMPHwKSPnXHHY1sirUYtpt9U4tru
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQwKFmBMPHwKSPnXHHY1sirUYtpt9U4tru
A95807 TMHLibArZa3Qx9spgD8y3DrbRJPNb4e81f6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHLibArZa3Qx9spgD8y3DrbRJPNb4e81f6
A97039 TMVEN3YYaA3CFqY6WEmP9yfxsVzyAMrgwZd
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVEN3YYaA3CFqY6WEmP9yfxsVzyAMrgwZd
A93130 TMSYGB8o664rUUtPbNbDv6F6qLUb67B57pK
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSYGB8o664rUUtPbNbDv6F6qLUb67B57pK
A91045 TMK6DwtpVpWodsb91UjQFwe3s6Xy1nVh8WP
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMK6DwtpVpWodsb91UjQFwe3s6Xy1nVh8WP
A97422 TMapzYLEhUvSorQF81UFERAdG5hLVuxhni4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMapzYLEhUvSorQF81UFERAdG5hLVuxhni4
A92170 TMLCKW1uXMhS8KKcAyRe5XbSATuWEUG3A79
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLCKW1uXMhS8KKcAyRe5XbSATuWEUG3A79
A9445 TMPy3SYswtSFbbarS7DsMB18ygjtGEw3RB6
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPy3SYswtSFbbarS7DsMB18ygjtGEw3RB6
A95917 TMHRBGAJSorkHLf5Jd7RJkYRAPW38JWoin5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHRBGAJSorkHLf5Jd7RJkYRAPW38JWoin5
A95937 TMV6JpMoKmzPTke5oan5Ca8xosqmUxUKh52
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMV6JpMoKmzPTke5oan5Ca8xosqmUxUKh52
A97725 TMQnK86fYiZPDDEQn5g1Fm4ps8sBF1oyJyb
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQnK86fYiZPDDEQn5g1Fm4ps8sBF1oyJyb
A97726 TMXExDjZu3F2pLLZeWVRdajpMpRzMb9HUCh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXExDjZu3F2pLLZeWVRdajpMpRzMb9HUCh
A906 TMXZfS6wTPhADYg9a5JKEPdRXQaKESSWicQ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXZfS6wTPhADYg9a5JKEPdRXQaKESSWicQ
A93967 TMZWzGn6WAyGQ2tYcKpnANoJyas2xA2uGaR
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZWzGn6WAyGQ2tYcKpnANoJyas2xA2uGaR
A97309 TMUHFjwzuDU6MYppFfXbC9n3DTbiWBKTAEi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUHFjwzuDU6MYppFfXbC9n3DTbiWBKTAEi
A97316 TMPDzMPHPioKjBFikskU1BvWNAGZjwKy1kM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPDzMPHPioKjBFikskU1BvWNAGZjwKy1kM
A94797 TMZFiMofzdt4VVJpTw2vsQmfddKzQcqgLwo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZFiMofzdt4VVJpTw2vsQmfddKzQcqgLwo
A97727 TMJ9euB7Eqi4cGKQ5BdRoFYKyvhR5cPmBWX
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJ9euB7Eqi4cGKQ5BdRoFYKyvhR5cPmBWX
A91914 TMKSPLAq9fxzyyaUHsYUPcAGqCVyDPVXnkE
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKSPLAq9fxzyyaUHsYUPcAGqCVyDPVXnkE
A91038 TMNM4u6sxAcZ9dptWUceFgrNsg4h6kSZV9o
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNM4u6sxAcZ9dptWUceFgrNsg4h6kSZV9o
A9971 TMEuvNWbwEt9wnZaT96YCxGpGwext7F3C17
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMEuvNWbwEt9wnZaT96YCxGpGwext7F3C17
A9972 TMGdvDX61JCPn57svJBeokzXvKtBR7h9kSg
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMGdvDX61JCPn57svJBeokzXvKtBR7h9kSg
A9966 TMVKX9o83vKYvh9ZY14fTjposVjoYkiG4nH
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVKX9o83vKYvh9ZY14fTjposVjoYkiG4nH
A9974 TMNAXHV1H2PFYFongtJrAjsa5Lr5Nbt5ub3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMNAXHV1H2PFYFongtJrAjsa5Lr5Nbt5ub3
A9964 TMZAMVaGHwB6nd99UQLGYim6xJqKZpseiC7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMZAMVaGHwB6nd99UQLGYim6xJqKZpseiC7
A97816 TMPwtcEktRuxmpN82wYk2Ekdnaz1VsaswFi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPwtcEktRuxmpN82wYk2Ekdnaz1VsaswFi
A97830 TMRiX4J4YSh18C4HdSN9N1M6kC1wJFjp6vz
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRiX4J4YSh18C4HdSN9N1M6kC1wJFjp6vz
A97770 TMLeXxgqUMbZcV6FhAxY62SuX4v8w7eRhg2
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLeXxgqUMbZcV6FhAxY62SuX4v8w7eRhg2
A98255 TMX9kHurSHptVeDjnKbihiLFk85b4sA2cn5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMX9kHurSHptVeDjnKbihiLFk85b4sA2cn5
A9973 TMPNrDsje7ALGM1fdgUo3M3QSTEDsCwZcE9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPNrDsje7ALGM1fdgUo3M3QSTEDsCwZcE9
A98127 TMJwBSgQA6LxfPWpo1wuT7yXF9NJbwEUzg4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJwBSgQA6LxfPWpo1wuT7yXF9NJbwEUzg4
A9969 TMY5HPHn5HM9bXyssZnxTpEkQUiYV2UNr6q
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMY5HPHn5HM9bXyssZnxTpEkQUiYV2UNr6q
A98251 TMdcCCZsYtXbcSAxYULNUTu8jjNXSAJuJpt
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdcCCZsYtXbcSAxYULNUTu8jjNXSAJuJpt
A99035 TMFTVeqvUFFhCsyThMpZnUEZ4XB5NXLgWho
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMFTVeqvUFFhCsyThMpZnUEZ4XB5NXLgWho
A98533 TMUf5L9V6SXM9cH7qEZ5tMnijAWsNUWter4
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMUf5L9V6SXM9cH7qEZ5tMnijAWsNUWter4
A97775 TMVbkMCD9xiCW7zyVxj9RHokssDGTGeNwXo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVbkMCD9xiCW7zyVxj9RHokssDGTGeNwXo
A97781 TMP3hBwyuVrECzvp5iJwns4Wjht7n2nRYGa
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP3hBwyuVrECzvp5iJwns4Wjht7n2nRYGa
A98261 TMXyisNUe7PBG6hc6TVgq8sDhKBJ7tnwyXJ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXyisNUe7PBG6hc6TVgq8sDhKBJ7tnwyXJ
A97843 TMXpFcnrsu29kzfdjrXZwyp388Ty7QmNVCM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXpFcnrsu29kzfdjrXZwyp388Ty7QmNVCM
A98249 TMJn4VvBz9evvig69nrB9ryHdUPfFB9UHZ9
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMJn4VvBz9evvig69nrB9ryHdUPfFB9UHZ9
A9984 TML5gM2xw1tXPtT7NJLTs2TeMUWEjBGywp3
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TML5gM2xw1tXPtT7NJLTs2TeMUWEjBGywp3
A9983 TMQcQMGWo1RXbyP4KtYrUPuH85n82ujTw7m
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQcQMGWo1RXbyP4KtYrUPuH85n82ujTw7m
A9980 TMRY3SAhQAS7QfNYKq29Egot3rbrfsJXhnU
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMRY3SAhQAS7QfNYKq29Egot3rbrfsJXhnU
A9978 TMKmJp5xkN1JyuQ2ahSV9BPMrNswHXnepTi
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMKmJp5xkN1JyuQ2ahSV9BPMrNswHXnepTi
A99953 TMPqjAVqHuMc75atyVdpV45u9guHvR5wu5C
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMPqjAVqHuMc75atyVdpV45u9guHvR5wu5C
A9991 TMdPUCpSSVjdW2J4oG966e3bFyG7DTrocD8
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdPUCpSSVjdW2J4oG966e3bFyG7DTrocD8
A9981 TMSsLLaY2rCkqpc9dZeFbp4uwJDwEhAFroD
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMSsLLaY2rCkqpc9dZeFbp4uwJDwEhAFroD
A9990 TMP262UfwjsAtmsqJR2tJHszyZ3uDmLeHGx
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMP262UfwjsAtmsqJR2tJHszyZ3uDmLeHGx
A9986 TMVBPbu7JS1Tom9rKG4BR4JLkSBszekFywo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVBPbu7JS1Tom9rKG4BR4JLkSBszekFywo
A9977 TMQrkG8Vmrj8jEpZd3AD7HjDwZ621Z8UFZA
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMQrkG8Vmrj8jEpZd3AD7HjDwZ621Z8UFZA
A9987 TMMprSbwYzgLga7cLDcNP33NHBAtBdmsSbZ
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMprSbwYzgLga7cLDcNP33NHBAtBdmsSbZ
A9989 TMHmfZHFBK7X2D2Ln7FuBdUC5WiTCkZLP9q
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMHmfZHFBK7X2D2Ln7FuBdUC5WiTCkZLP9q
A9979 TMM3RFJCWBE3oArXuwKUMcXEFEVPMTjjRkM
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMM3RFJCWBE3oArXuwKUMcXEFEVPMTjjRkM
A9988 TMTgeoJqt8RuHT5HPFCqjWCNjruhtauQxjo
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMTgeoJqt8RuHT5HPFCqjWCNjruhtauQxjo
A9985 TMLZBX7X8Ep8r8sDehs8uMuc4PNGqdkus5P
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMLZBX7X8Ep8r8sDehs8uMuc4PNGqdkus5P
A9976 TMdYYcD4LT6nrboG3BLd4QxNbuF1TUiQDi5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMdYYcD4LT6nrboG3BLd4QxNbuF1TUiQDi5
A9975 TMXDZ1RQZd7sSnesnjBZxQ4pVutZedBFTyh
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMXDZ1RQZd7sSnesnjBZxQ4pVutZedBFTyh
A9982 TMMUKtxT2dCQvL2odsnz4CRgXt9GHiBCbqe
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMMUKtxT2dCQvL2odsnz4CRgXt9GHiBCbqe
A9992 TMVJwR51i8gUjmCvhNJZyj8KBr989NWaoa7
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMVJwR51i8gUjmCvhNJZyj8KBr989NWaoa7
A99924 TMajkYe7QRXQXjW6ryXyyVkWv4Le6d7mXk5
https://project-smart.uibk.ac.at/pgbce/q.php?b=TMajkYe7QRXQXjW6ryXyyVkWv4Le6d7mXk5
